1. Cureus. 2024 Oct 3;16(10):e70789. doi: 10.7759/cureus.70789. eCollection 2024 
Oct.

Compact Arterial Monitoring Device Use in Resuscitative Endovascular Balloon 
Occlusion of the Aorta (REBOA): A Simple Validation Study in Swine.

Lussier G(1), Evans AJ(2), Houston I(1), Wilsnack A(2), Russo CM(2), Vietor 
R(3)(2), Bedocs P(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medicine, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, 
Bethesda, USA.
(2)Department of Anesthesiology, Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, 
Bethesda, USA.
(3)Department of Anesthesiology, Uniformed Services University of the Health 
Sciences, Bethesda, USA.

Introduction Hemorrhage is the leading cause of preventable death in trauma in 
both the military and civilian settings worldwide. Medical studies from 
Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF) and Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF) informed 
change in military prehospital medicine by influencing widespread tourniquet 
distribution and training on their use to stop life-threatening extremity 
hemorrhage. In the military setting, there has been a significant reduction in 
preventable death due to extremity exsanguination since the widespread 
implementation of tourniquets within the Department of Defense. However, 
noncompressible hemorrhage remains a significant cause of mortality, especially 
in the prehospital setting. In select patients, resuscitative endovascular 
balloon occlusion of the aorta (REBOA) is an adjunct that can be utilized to 
slow or stop non-compressible hemorrhage until the patient reaches definitive 
care. However, frontline medical providers face the challenge of reliable, 
accurate blood pressure measurement in REBOA patients. REBOA, used in 
conjunction with a small disposable pressure monitor, can bridge the gap in 
capabilities, creating a more balanced resuscitation and reducing blood product 
requirements with the added benefit of invasive blood pressure monitoring 
capability. The authors of this study propose the sustained use and further 
validation of a small, disposable pressure monitor in REBOA to monitor 
beat-to-beat variation in both hemodynamically stable and unstable patients and 
seek to offer a pathway for use in austere environments. Materials and methods 
Yorkshire swine (n = 4) were selected for partial REBOA (pREBOA) placement and 
compass transducer measurement in conjunction with a vascular experimental 
protocol. Appropriate vascular and arterial line access was obtained, 
hemorrhagic shock was initiated, and REBOA with an in-line Compass™ device (CD) 
pressure transducer (Centurion Medical Products, Williamston, MI) was used to 
occlude the aorta. Mean arterial pressures were measured via the CD, recorded, 
and compared to the control arterial line at hypotensive, normotensive, and 
hypertensive pressures. Results At hypotensive pressures, 30% of the CD readings 
fell within 1 mmHg of control arterial line readings, and 52.3% were within 2 
mmHg. At normotensive pressures, 46% of the CD readings fell within 1 mmHg of 
control arterial line readings, and 64.2% were within 2 mmHg. At hypertensive 
pressures, 60% of the CD readings fell within 1 mmHg of control arterial line 
readings, and 82% were within 2 mmHg. All CD data points at all pressures were 
within 8 mmHg of the control arterial line readings. Conclusions In conclusion, 
the CD is a compact, inexpensive, portable pressure-sensing device that may 
potentially augment the safety and functionality of the REBOA in trauma patients 
both at the point of injury and in the hospital. This novel study conducted on 
four swine subjects demonstrated a remarkable correlation to the traditional 
equipment intensive arterial line setups, and issues of stasis and 
non-pulsatility were easily troubleshot. Future studies should investigate CD 
use in REBOA catheters under different physiological conditions, specifically 
arrhythmias, and in different environments (prehospital, air medical transport, 
and austere locations).

Copyright © 2024, Lussier et al.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.70789
PMCID: PMC11531354
PMID: 39493181

Conflict of interest statement: Human subjects: All authors have confirmed that 
this study did not involve human participants or tissue. Animal subjects: 
Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC): The research protocol was 
approved by the IACUC of the Uniformed Services University of the Health 
Sciences. Ethical approval and Trial Registration Details Per Reviewer Request 
Below: 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
USUHS / DOD – SPONSORED ANIMAL RESEARCH PROPOSALS MUST USE THIS STANDARDIZED 
FORMAT Reference DOD Directive 3216.1 & USUHS Instruction 3203 
*************************************************************************************Specific 
information requested in the following animal-use protocol template is a result 
of requirements of the Animal Welfare Act regulations (AWAR), the Guide for the 
Care and Use of Laboratory Animals, and other applicable Federal regulations and 
DOD directives. 
************************************************************************************* 
This document is intended to be an aid in the preparation of a USUHS DOD – 
sponsored animal use proposal. The instructions and written explanations 
provided for individual paragraphs (ref. animal-use protocol template in AR 
40-33 / USUHSINST 3203, Appendix C) are coded as hidden text. To see the 
instructions and examples for each section, select the “Show/Hide ¶” button on 
your tool bar. To print the hidden text, select “Print” on the drop down file 
menu. Under the “Options” button, select “Hidden text” under the “Include with 
document” section. Use of a word processor makes completion of this template a 
“fill-in-the-blanks” exercise. Please provide all response entries in the 
following font: Arial, Regular, 12, Black. Please do NOT submit this page of 
instructions with your animal protocol submission. With the exception of title 
headings, each paragraph and subparagraph in the following template must have a 
response. Portions of the template that are not applicable to your particular 
protocol, (i.e., no surgery or no prolonged restraint) should be marked “N/A”. 
There are no space limitations for the responses. Do not delete any sections. 
Pertinent standing operating procedures or similar documents that are readily 
available to your IACUC may be referenced to assist in the description of 
specific procedures. It is critical that only animal studies or procedures 
documented in an IACUC – approved protocol be performed at your facility. 
Additionally, Principal Investigators, or other delegated research personnel, 
should keep accurate experimental records and be able to provide an audit trail 
of animal expenditures and use that correlates to their approved protocol. USUHS 
FORM 3206 ANIMAL STUDY PROPOSAL PROTOCOL COVER SHEET PROTOCOL NUMBER: SUR-19-965 
PROTOCOL TITLE: Partial resuscitative endovascular balloon occlusion of the 
aorta (PREBOA) characterization of targeted distal flow and permissive regional 
hypoperfusion in a porcine model (Sus scrofa domesticus) of hemorrhagic shock 
GRANT TITLE (if different from above): NA USUHS PROJECT NUMBER// DAI GRANT 
NUMBER: Pending FUNDING AGENCY: USU USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 
Previous versions are obsolete EARLIEST ANTICIPATED FUNDING START DATE: Pending 
PRINCIPAL INVESTIGATOR: Joseph White, MAJ, MC, USA Surgery 301-319-2852 28 Feb 
2017 MAJ Joseph White, MD Department Office telephone Date SCIENTIFIC REVIEW: 
This animal use proposal received an appropriate peer scientific review and is 
consistent with good scientific research practice. CAPT Eric A. Elster 
Department Office telephone Date STATISTICAL REVIEW: A person knowledgeable in 
biostatistics reviewed this proposal to ensure that the number of animals used 
is appropriate to obtain sufficient data and/or is not excessive, and the 
statistical design is appropriate for the intent of the study. Statistics USUS 
301-295-9468 28 Feb 2017 Cara Olsen, MS, DrPH Department Office telephone Date 
ATTENDING VETERINARIAN: In accordance with the Animal Welfare Regulations, the 
Attending Veterinarian was consulted in the planning of procedures and 
manipulations that may cause more than slight or momentary pain or distress, 
even if relieved by anesthetics or analgesics. All signatures are required prior 
to submission to the IACUC Office. LAM 301-295-9492 Anna B. Mullins, DVM, DACLAM 
Department Office telephone Date BIOSAFETY OFFICER: Only required if using any 
infectious pathogens. EHS Peter Bouma Department Office telephone Date USUHS 
Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions are obsolete ANIMAL PROTOCOL 
NUMBER: Pending PRINCIPAL INVESTIGATOR Joseph M. White, MD, FACS MAJ, MC, USA 
Assistant Program Director, Vascular Surgery Fellowship Assistant Professor of 
Surgery The Department of Surgery at Uniformed Services University of the Health 
Sciences and Walter Reed National Military Medical Center Office: 301-319-2852 
Email: joseph.m.white70.mil@mail.mil ANIMAL PROTOCOL TITLE: Partial 
resuscitative endovascular balloon occlusion of the aorta (PREBOA) 
characterization of targeted distal flow and permissive regional hypoperfusion 
in a porcine model (Sus scrofa domesticus) of hemorrhagic shock GRANT TITLE (if 
different from above): NA USUHS PROJECT NUMBER// DAI GRANT NUMBER: Pending 
CO-INVESTIGATOR(S): Todd E. Rasmussen, MD FACS Colonel USAF MC Shumacker 
Professor of Surgery Associate Dean for Clinical Research F. Edward Hebert 
School of Medicine - "America's Medical School" Uniformed Services University of 
the Health Sciences 4301 Jones Bridge Road Bethesda, Maryland 20814-4712 Office: 
301-295-3016 Mobile: 210-508-7062 Email: todd.rasmussen@usuhs.edu Paul W. White, 
MD, FACS LTC, MC, USA Program Director, Vascular Surgery Fellowship Associate 
Professor of Surgery, The Department of Surgery at Uniformed Services University 
of the Health Sciences and Walter Reed National Military Medical Center Office: 
301-295-4779 Email: paul.w.white4.mil@mail.mil Thomas A. Davis, PhD Deputy Vice 
Chair of Research Professor USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous 
versions are obsolete USU Walter Reed Surgery Uniformed Services University of 
the Health Sciences 4301 Jones Bridge Road Bethesda, MD 20814 Office: 
301-295-9825 Mobile: 301-204-5212 Email: thomas.davis@usuhs.edu I. NON-TECHNICAL 
SYNOPSIS: During recent military conflicts, medics and surgeons treat combat 
trauma patients with critical injuries to the chest, abdomen, and pelvis areas 
where it can be nearly impossible to control bleeding to save a service member’s 
life. While the application of tourniquets helps prevent life-threatening blood 
loss from wounds to extremities (arms and legs), nothing exists for critical 
injuries to the chest, abdomen, and pelvis in combat and in emergency care 
environments. A new technology referred to as resuscitative endovascular balloon 
occlusion of the aorta (REBOA) has been used in trauma patients suffering from 
rapid blood loss as a result of injuries to their chest, abdomen, and pelvis. 
This technique involves rapidly placing a flexible catheter into the femoral 
artery in the groin, maneuvering, and placement in the aorta, and then inflation 
of an attached balloon at the tip to stop the uncontrolled bleeding. Not 
surprisingly, total blockage of blood flow to areas to various regions of the 
body for an extensive time period has resulted in some serious follow-on medical 
complications. In this proposal, we will test and evaluate the next generation 
of PREBOA (partial PREBOA) in a well-characterized non-survival swine hemorrhage 
model. We hypothesize that this new technology will permit longer utilization, 
enhance organ oxygenation to maintain tissue viability and increase patient 
survival II. BACKGROUND: II.1. Background: In the current conflicts, many 
wounded service members have survived catastrophic traumatic injuries. They 
would have died from these injuries in previous wars, but improvements in 
battlefield medical care and the use of body armor have increased survival 
rates. Hemorrhage, particularly non-compressible torso hemorrhage (NCTH), has 
been identified as a leading cause of preventable death on the modern 
battlefield.[1,2] Analysis from the recent wars in Iraq and Afghanistan has 
demonstrated that hemorrhage was the underlying physiologic insult in 90% of 
potentially survivable battlefield injuries.[3] The stratification of mortality 
from death on the battlefield from 2001-2011 (Iraq and Afghanistan) demonstrated 
that 87.3% of all injury mortality occurred in the pre-MTF environment.[3] Of 
the pre-MTF deaths, 75.7% (n = 3,040) were classified as nonsurvivable, and 
24.3% (n = 976) were deemed potentially survivable (PS). The injury/physiologic 
focus of PS acute mortality was largely associated with hemorrhage (90.9%). The 
site of lethal hemorrhage was truncal (67.3%), followed by junctional (19.2%) 
and peripheral-extremity (13.5%) hemorrhage. The management of traumatic 
hemorrhage (specifically, NCTH) requires innovative strategies and devices to 
overcome the current trend identified in modern combat. PREBOA seeks to address 
this critical gap and alter casualty mortality rates as a result. Resuscitative 
Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta (REBOA) has emerged as a promising 
technique for cases of severe NCTH during trauma. An emerging set of 
pre-clinical and clinical data on the use of REBOA reports highly successful 
outcomes following brief periods of occlusion; however, longer periods of 
occlusion are associated with significantly increased mortality.[4,5] 
Therapeutic strategies that incorporate regulated partial distal aortic flow and 
perfusion are a potential technique to mitigate ongoing distal ischemia and 
subsequent reperfusion injury while potentially avoiding the deleterious USUHS 
Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions are obsolete complications 
of distal clot disruption with ongoing hemorrhage and supraphysiologic central 
and cerebral pressures.[6] In order to allow distal aortic flow and perfusion at 
a controlled and regulated level, REBOA distal flow characteristics require 
additional pre-clinical testing and evaluation. The PREBOA-PRO Catheter utilizes 
the same basic technological characteristics as the existing ER-REBOA Catheter – 
complete large vessel occlusion and blood pressure monitoring – with minor 
modifications to the balloon design to help facilitate a smoother transition 
between full occlusion and no occlusion. The PREBOA-PRO Catheter employs a 
composite balloon design that arranges a non-compliant partner or “spine” 
balloon in parallel with a compliant occlusion balloon. When the balloon system 
is fully inflated, complete occlusion is achieved. During balloon deflation, 
bypass channels initially open around the partner balloon, allowing a limited 
amount of blood to flow past the balloon, while maintaining balloon wall 
apposition Figure 1). This permits modulation of blood pressure gradient across 
the balloon during inflation/deflation cycles. Partial REBOA is a a technique, 
which shows great promise to reduce morbidities associated with survival from 
REBOA and extend the amount of time in which REBOA can be performed. REBOA is a 
resuscitative adjunct that augments central and cerebral perfusion while 
mitigating lethal hemorrhage secondary to NCTH. Next generation Prytime Medical 
Devices Inc. partial REBOA (PREBOA-PRO) catheter is currently not FDA-approved 
for use. Standard REBOA catheter systems are currently in use in military Role 
I, II, and III facilities and Medical Treatment Facilities. Forward elements 
such as GHOST-T (Golden Hour Offset Surgical Treatment-Teams) and SOST (Special 
Operations Surgical Teams) have incorporated and implemented REBOA technology on 
the forward edge of the battlefield. Civilian level 1 trauma centers currently 
use REBOA catheter systems. Clinical use typically employs “all-or-nothing” 
REBOA, meaning that the balloon is fully inflated or completely deflated. PREBOA 
allows for distal aortic flow, potentially expanding the resuscitation envelope. 
This would represent lengthening the “golden hour” and augmenting austere or 
prolonged field care. Permissive Regional Hypoperfusion (PRH) following complete 
aortic occlusion incorporates regulated partial distal aortic flow and perfusion 
with subsequent mitigation of distal ischemia and reperfusion injury. This 
concept potentially avoids the deleterious complications of distal clot 
disruption with ongoing hemorrhage and supraphysiologic central and cerebral 
pressures. Building upon the knowledge acquired during previous REBOA testing: 
REBOA Distal Flow Dynamics and Targeted Distal Flow Characterization (which 
characterizes the flow-volume relationship and TDF fidelity), this project 
attempts to identify the critical flow threshold at which Permissive Regional 
Hypoperfusion (PRH) allows for optimal metabolic and physiologic results. The 
overarching goal is to decrease morbidity and mortality in the out-of-hospital 
(prehospital, en-route and far forward medicine) environment scenarios using a 
partial occlusive endovascular device (pREBOA) to lessen hypotension and 
ischemia-reperfusion injury while augmenting pulmonary and cerebral perfusion. 
In this study, we will compare several state-of the-art intravascular occlusion 
devices in a swine model of lethal non-compressible torso hemorrhage (NCTH). 
Figure 1: The pREBOA-PROTM Catheter USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 
Previous versions are obsolete II.2. Literature Search for Duplication: II.2.1. 
Literature Source(s) Searched: PubMed, DTIC, and NIH RePORT were searched to 
avoid unnecessary duplication of research. II.2.2. Date of Search: 8 January 
2018 II.2.3. Period of Search: 1990 to present II.2.4. Key Words and Search 
Strategy: Separate search terms: PREBOA (partial resuscitative endovascular 
balloon occlusion of the aorta) in a large animal model (9) REBOA (resuscitative 
endovascular balloon occlusion of the aorta) in a large animal model (14) 
Combined search terms: PREBOA (partial resuscitative endovascular balloon 
occlusion of the aorta) in a large animal model AND Sus scrofa domesticus (7) 
REBOA (resuscitative endovascular balloon occlusion of the aorta) in a large 
animal model AND Sus scrofa domesticus (9) PREBOA (partial resuscitative 
endovascular balloon occlusion of the aorta) in a large animal model AND 
Hemorrhagic shock (7) REBOA (resuscitative endovascular balloon occlusion of the 
aorta) in a large animal model AND Hemorrhagic shock (9) (Please see appendix A) 
II.2.5. Results of Search: Summary: No studies were identified in the literature 
that would appear to duplicate the proposed large-animal research project. The 
PREBOA-PRO prototype to be evaluated is novel, and no duplicative in vivo 
studies were identified. Please see Appendix A for Search Results. III. 
OBJECTIVE\HYPOTHESIS: The objectives of this study are two-fold (1) to 
characterize distal aortic flow following PREBOA using the ER-REBOA, and 
PREBOA-PRO catheters in an established, translational, swine model of lethal 
NCTH and (2) to identify the critical threshold at which Permissive Regional 
Hypoperfusion (PRH) allows for reduced perfusion pressure promoting clot 
stabilization (avoidance of hemorrhage), mitigates tissue ischemia and 
reperfusion injury, and dampens supraphysiologic central and cerebral pressures. 
We hypothesis the PREBOA-PRO catheters will demonstrate superior Targeted Distal 
Flow (TDF) fidelity compared to the ER-REBOA and that a TDF of 150mL/min will 
demonstrate. USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions are 
obsolete clot stabilization (avoid free intraperitoneal hemorrhage), mitigate 
distal ischemia and reperfusion injury and result in a reduction of 
supraphysiologic central and cerebral pressures thereby demonstrating superior 
Permissive Regional Hypoperfusion (PRH). IV. MILITARY RELEVANCE: Eastridge and 
colleagues reported that hemorrhage is the leading cause of preventable death on 
the modern battlefield. Between October 2001 and June 2011, 4,596 battlefield 
fatalities were reviewed and analyzed during the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
The stratification of mortality demonstrated that 87.3% of all injury mortality 
occurred in the pre-MTF (Medical Treatment Facility) environment. Of the pre-MTF 
deaths, 75.7% (n = 3,040) were classified as nonsurvivable, and 24.3% (n = 976) 
were deemed potentially survivable (PS). The injury/physiologic focus of PS 
acute mortality was largely associated with hemorrhage (90.9%). The site of 
lethal hemorrhage was truncal (67.3%), followed by junctional (19.2%) and 
peripheral-extremity (13.5%) hemorrhage.[3] The management of hemorrhage is 
critical to improving combat causality care (CCC) in the military. Resuscitative 
Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta (REBOA) has emerged as a promising 
technique for cases of severe NCTH during trauma. Prompt control of bleeding and 
resuscitation in the field can reduce mortality by as much as 20%. Importantly, 
hemorrhage is a major mechanism of death in potentially survivable combat 
injuries, underscoring the necessity for initiatives to mitigate bleeding and to 
develop new solutions to provide for prolonged Damage Control Resuscitation 
(pDCR), particularly in the prehospital-en route and prolonged field care (PFC) 
austere environment. Treatments initiated within the “Golden Hour”- 60 minutes 
post-injury have resulted in increased survival. REBOA devices provide a 
short-term survival advantage by preventing exsanguination and augmenting 
perfusion of the heart, lungs, and brain. However, experimental observation 
suggests that complete aortic occlusion using REBOA can lead to severe 
multifactorial complications, including myocardial dysfunction, respiratory 
distress, traumatic brain injury, and distal organ/extremity 
ischemia-reperfusion injury, resulting in multi-organ dysfunction and death. 
Therapeutic strategies that incorporate regulated partial distal aortic flow and 
perfusion are a potential technique to mitigate ongoing distal ischemia and 
subsequent reperfusion injury while potentially avoiding the deleterious 
complications of distal clot disruption with ongoing hemorrhage and 
supraphysiologic central and cerebral pressures. In order to allow distal aortic 
flow and perfusion at a controlled and regulated level, REBOA distal flow 
characteristics require additional investigation. V. MATERIALS AND METHODS: V.1. 
Experimental Design and General Procedures: General Overview/Concept Specific 
Aims Model Development Animals: Two animals from each experimental group will be 
considered a pilot study for each named study. These animals will be used to 
teach and perfect various aspects procedures associated with two proposed animal 
models (Section V.4.3.2. Procedure) to include but not limited to the surgical 
preparation, sedation, intubation, anesthesia monitoring, cut downs, placement 
of arterial and venous lines, injury induction, REBOA insertion and placement, 
radiographic assessments, as well clinical and laboratory monitoring. USUHS Form 
3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions are obsolete Experiment 1: In a 
controlled prefixed bleed hemorrhagic shock model, evaluate and characterize 
distal aortic flow rate capabilities with the ER-REBOA, PREBOA-PRO (N=2 pilot 
animals + 8 animals per treatment arm; total 18 animals). Experiment 2: 
Following complete aortic occlusion and PRH in a swine traumatic liver 
amputation uncontrolled bleed hemorrhagic shock model (approximately 30% of the 
liver followed by 1.5 minutes of free hemorrhage), evaluate and characterize 
associated hemodynamics and metabolic/physiologic consequences of TDF at 50 
mL/min (Grp 1), 150 mL/min (Grp 2), 300 mL/min (Grp 3), 500 mL/min (Grp 4) and 
1000 mL/min (Grp 5). N=2 pilot animals + 8 animals per treatment arm; total 42 
swine. (*Please see section V.4.3.2. Procedure for additional operative details 
regarding the specific sequence of events/conduct of the operation) V.1.1. 
Experiment 1: Target Distal Perfusion (18 animals) (USDA pain category D) 
Experimental Design 1: Uncontrolled bleed hemorrhagic shock (HS) will be 
simulated by withdrawing 25% of estimated blood volume through an arterial 
sheath into citrated blood collection bags over a 30-minute period to simulate 
the prehospital environment. Complete aortic occlusion will be initiated by 
inflating the aortic occlusion balloon catheter until there is loss of a distal 
arterial waveform and occlusion will be sustained for 20 minutes. After 15 
minutes of occlusion, shed blood volume will be returned through the central 
venous line via rapid infusion (Belmont Instruments, Billerica, MD) at the rate 
of 150 cc/min. Following 20 minutes of Zone I aortic occlusion, incremental 
balloon deflation at a rate of 0.5 cc every 30 seconds will occur until the 
balloon is completely deflated. Physiologic parameters and aortic flow 
measurements will be collected. Onset of aortic flow during balloon deflation 
will be defined as the time point when flow reaches 50 mL/min (approximately 2% 
of baseline full flow) to account for the fidelity of the aortic flow probe at 
very low flow rates. The estimated time for incremental balloon deflation is 
15-20 minutes (average balloon total volume: 5.25cc-7.25cc). Upon completion of 
the incremental balloon deflation, the subsequent phase of testing will 
determine balloon fidelity and the ability to provide a targeted distal flow. 
Using data extracted from the initial phase of the experiment, a balloon volume 
that corresponds with a targeted distal flow of 150ml/min will be selected. The 
aortic occlusion balloon catheter will be inflated and targeted distal flow 
recorded over a 90 minute period. At the end of the experiment, the animals will 
be humanely euthanized according to V.4.6. V.1.2. Experiment 2: Permissive 
Regional Hypoperfusion (42 animals) (USDA pain category D) Experimental Design 
2: HS shock will be initiated by traumatic amputation of the liver 
(approximately 30% total liver volume) followed by 1.5 minutes of free 
hemorrhage. The liver will be marked along the planned transection plane, 2 cm 
to the left of Cantlie's line, to provide amputation of approximately 80% of the 
left lateral lobe of the liver and 40% of the left medial lobe of the liver 
(approximately 30% of total liver volume) similar to previous descriptions. At 
Time 0, the liver will be sharply transected, and the abdomen rapidly closed 
with cable ties. Complete occlusion of the aorta will be achieved with REBOA 1.5 
minutes following the initiation of injury. Complete aortic occlusion will be 
initiated by inflating the PREBOA-Pro until there is loss of a distal arterial 
waveform and occlusion is sustained for 20 minutes. Following 20 minutes of Zone 
I aortic occlusion, PRH with partial aortic occlusion will occur. The pREBOA 
will be deflated to achieve a distal aortic flow of 50mL/min (Group 1), 
150mL/min (Group 2), USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions 
are obsolete 300mL/min (Group 3), 500mL/min (Group 4) and 1000 mL/min (Group 5). 
The variable deflation of occlusion balloon will correlate to the goal TDF 
specific to Groups 1-5. PRH phase will continue for 70 minutes. Next, study 
animals will undergo a damage control surgery with definitive hemorrhage control 
and resuscitation with whole blood. Blood volume will be returned through the 
central venous line via rapid infusion (Belmont Instruments, Billerica, MD) at 
the rate of 150 cc/min. The REBOA catheter will be removed and the study animals 
will complete a 240- minute critical care phase (continued hemodynamic 
monitoring and resuscitation). At the end of the experiment, the animals will be 
humanely euthanized according to V.4.6. 2 Animals are for pilot. V.2. Data 
Analysis: Experiment 1: Two endovascular balloon occlusion devices (ER-REBOA and 
PREBOA-PRO) will be tested and evaluated. The association between flow and 
volume will be assessed for each experimental animal using linear regression 
with flow as the dependent variable and volume as the independent variable. For 
overall comparisons, the separate regressions will be combined across animals 
and compared between groups using a multilevel regression model with 
subject-specific random intercepts and slopes, and fixed effects of group, 
volume, and the interaction of group and volume. A primary hypothesis is that 
the slope (the increase in flow corresponding to a specific decrease in volume) 
will be greater in the ER-REBOA group than in the PREBOA-PRO (next generation 
REBOA catheter) group. With a sample size of 8 animals per group and an average 
of 15 measurements per animal, if the within-animal correlation is 0.5, the 
study will have 80% power to detect a significant difference if, across the 
range of volumes, the increase in flow is lower in the PREBOA-PRO group than the 
ER-REBOA group by 0.74 standard deviations. If the standard deviation of the 
distal flow rate is close to 300 mL/minute, as has been observed in similar 
studies, this corresponds to a result in which the difference in flow rates from 
the lowest to the highest volume is reduced in the PREBOA-PRO group by 222 
mL/minute compared to the ER-REBOA group. For testing whether the variability in 
flow level over time differs between groups, the within- subject standard 
deviation will be calculated for each animal and these standard deviations will 
be compared between groups using a Mann-Whitney U test. Although we have no 
prior data on the within-subject standard deviation, the power of the 
Mann-Whitney U test is expected to be similar to that of a corresponding 
Student's t test. With 8 animals per group, the study will have 80% power to 
detect a difference of 1.5 standard deviations. Actual power may be slightly 
lower but is still expected to be adequate. Experiment 2: Five distal flow rates 
will be evaluated in order to determine optimal regional permissive hypotension 
following partial REBOA in a model of lethal hemorrhagic shock. Mortality will 
be compared across groups using Fisher's exact test. When comparing the flow 
rate with the highest vs. lowest mortality rate, if mortality is 90% vs. 10% and 
the sample size is 8 per group, Fisher's exact test with a 5% two-sided 
significance level will have 80% power to detect a difference. If a Bonferroni 
adjustment is used to account for pairwise comparisons among 5 groups (flow 
rates) the power will be 80% to detect a significant difference if the true 
rates are 95% and 5%. Therefore, the sample size is sufficient to detect the 
expected large differences in mortality. Histologic, physiologic and metabolic 
parameters will be compared across groups using one- way ANOVA followed by 
Tukey's pairwise comparisons. A sample size of 8 per group will have 80% power 
to detect differences of 1.9 standard deviations between groups based on ANOVA 
contrasts with 5% two-sided significance level after adjustment for multiple 
comparisons. USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions are 
obsolete V.3. Laboratory Animals Required and Justification: V.3.1. Non-animal 
Alternatives Considered: No feasible non-animal alternatives are available to 
study PREBOA physiology with metabolic and physiologic endpoints. V.3.2. Animal 
Model and Species Justification: Swine species allows for significant advantage 
due to the animals arterial capacity (i.e. arterial size and structural 
similarity to human arteries) to allow for and facilitate most endovascular 
devices and procedures. Specifically, the porcine common femoral artery can 
accommodate 7 French arterial sheaths (the required arterial sheath size for the 
PREBOA-PRO and ER- REBOA-PRO catheter). Additionally, histologic similarities 
between swine and human aneurysmal models are favorable. V.3.3. Laboratory 
Animals ALTERNATIVES CONSIDERATIONS: Does the protocol have any provisions that 
would qualify it to be identified as one that Refines, Reduces, or Replaces 
(3R's) the use of animals in relation to other protocols or procedures performed 
in the past? Y/N (circle): YES SECTION V.3.5. Exceptions to the Guide for the 
Care and Use of Laboratory Animals (Please check all applicable): Use of 
Paralytics (V.4.1.2.3.) Prolonged Restraint (V.4.2.) Multiple Major Survival 
Surgery (V.4.3.6.) Use of Non-pharmaceutical grade chemicals (V.4.4.1.) Use of 
Complete Freund’s Adjuvant (V.4.4.3.) Death as an endpoint (V.4.5.) Food/Water 
Restriction (V.5.1.2. Single Housing of Social Species (V.5.1.3) Restriction of 
Environmental Enrichment (V.5.3.2.) [x] Drug Use/Controlled Substances (Appendix 
B) Use of any Infectious Pathogen (Cover Page and VII.) IDENTIFICATION OF 
SPECIES AND STRAIN: In accounting for animal numbers, please ensure that the 
strain of animal as well as the species is identified. If more than one strain 
of any species will be used, please list each proposed strain in a separate 
column. If more than two species/strains are to be used, duplicate Sections 
V.3.3.1 – V.3.4 , and Section V.4.1.1.1, on subsequent pages to cover all 
requested strains. Species #1 V.3.3.1. Genus & Species: Sus scrofa domesticus 
V.3.3.2. Strain/Stock: Yorkshire swine USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 
Previous versions are obsolete V.3.3.3. Source/Vender: ABI V.3.3.4. Age: Adult 
V.3.3.5. Weight: 70-100 kg V.3.3.6. Sex: Female V.3.3.7. Special Consideration: 
None V.3.4. Number of Animals Required (by Species): Sus scrofa domesticus: 60 
V.3.5. Refinement, Reduction, Replacement (3 Rs): V.3.5.1. Refinement: General 
anesthesia will be used for all surgical procedures. All surgical procedures 
will be performed by skilled surgeons. All animals will receive buprenorphine 
pre-operatively to ensure pain is well managed during surgery. V.3.5.2. 
Reduction: No adaptive model would be possible to decrease the number of animals 
required. Please see power analysis (Section V.2 Data Analysis) as to how the 
power analysis was structured and established. Computer models not applicable. 
V.3.5.3. Replacement: None: Non-animal models cannot replace the animal model 
for this study. The intact physiology of the whole living animal is required to 
attain the goals outlined in this study. V.4. Technical Methods: V.4.1. Pain / 
Distress Assessment: V.4.1.1. APHIS Form 7023 Information: V.4.1.1.1. Number of 
Animals: V.4.1.1.1. 1. Column C: V.4.1.1.1. 2. Column D: 18 Experiment #1, 42 
Experiment #2, Total 60 V.4.1.2. Pain Relief / Prevention: V.4.1.2.1. 
Anesthesia/Analgesia/Tranquilization: Anesthesia is induced using ketamine 
(33mg/kg) intramuscularly and maintained with 1% to 4% inhaled isoflurane. 
General anesthesia will be used for all surgical procedures. Pre- operative pain 
medication is buprenorphine at 0.01-0.05 mg/kg given SQ at rate of every 4-12 
USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions are obsolete hrs. 
Additional pain medication options include carprofen (2 mg kg/SC) or meloxicam 
(0.4mg/kg SC). V.4.1.2.2. Pre- and Post-procedural (not surgery) Provisions: NA 
V.4.1.2.3. Paralytics: None V.4.1.3. Literature Search for Alternatives to 
Painful or Distressful Procedures: No reasonable alternatives are available to 
study V.4.1.3.1. Sources Searched: The USDA site 
(http://www.nal.usda.gov/awic/databases/databse.htm) was searched for possible 
alternatives. V.4.1.3.2. Date of Search: December 2017 V.4.1.3.3. Period of 
Search: 1990 – Present V.4.1.3.4. Key Words of Search: Combined search terms: 
Swine AND resuscitative endovascular balloon occlusion of the aorta AND 
Alternatives to Painful or Distressful Procedures (0) V.4.1.3.5. Results of 
Search: Summary: We were unable to find alternatives to the painful/distressful 
procedures in this protocol because the intact physiology of the whole living 
animal is required to attain the goals outlined in this study. Please see 
Appendix A for Search Results V.4.1.4. Unalleviated Painful or Distressful 
Procedure Justification: NA V.4.2. Prolonged Restraint: None V.4.3. Surgery: 
*Please see Sections V.1 and V.4.3.2. V.4.3.1. Pre-surgical Provisions: Pigs 
will receive no food after 1500 hrs on the day before the procedure, with 
fasting from at least 12 hrs to no more than 24 hrs prior to surgery. V.4.3.2. 
Procedure: USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions are 
obsolete A. General Considerations for Animal Preparation Yorkshire-cross swine 
(Sus scrofa), will be premedicated with Ketamine intramuscularly. Following 
isoflurane induction and endotracheal intubation, maintenance anesthesia will 
consist of 1-4% isoflurane in 100% oxygen. To offset the vasodilatory effects of 
general anesthesia, an intravenous infusion of norepinephrine (0.01 μg/kg per 
hour) will be instituted upon venous access and titrated to achieve a target MAP 
between 65 and 75 mm Hg. The infusion rate will remain constant for the 
remainder of the experiment. Animals will be mechanically ventilated with tidal 
volumes of 7 to 10 mL/kg and a respiratory rate of 10 to 15 breaths per minute 
sufficient to maintain end-tidal CO2 at 40 ± 5 mm Hg. Isotonic sodium chloride 
solution will be administered at a rate of 5 mL/kg per hour to overcome 
insensible losses. An underbody warmer set at 39°C will be used to maintain body 
temperature. Venous access will be established through a central line in the 
right internal jugular vein (percutaneous access). Proximal and distal arterial 
access will be obtained through a 7 Fr 13-cm introducer sheath (Boston 
Scientific, Marlborough, MA) placed in the right femoral artery and left 
brachial (axillary) artery via surgical cut-downs. The animals will undergo 
midline laparotomy and splenectomy to minimize hemodynamic variation from 
autotransfusion. Foley catheter will be placed through open surgical cystotomy. 
The distal aorta will then exposed by longitudinally dividing the 
retroperitoneal tissues to facilitate placement of a periaortic flow probe 
(Transonic Systems Inc, Ithaca, NY). The proximal flow probe will be placed at 
the common carotid artery. The abdomen was closed with cable ties. B. Vascular 
Exposure and Monitoring Lines A 5 Fr microcatheter (Cook Medical, Inc., 
Bloomington, IN) will be placed into the brachial artery for hemodynamic 
monitoring and to facilitate required laboratory draws. This catheter will be 
inserted along the medial aspect of the front limb. Using the palpable pulse as 
a landmark, the brachial artery will be dissected out sharply through a 
longitudinal incision. Care will be taken to avoid the small lateral branches, 
and silk ties will be used to isolate the vessel. The micocatheter will be 
inserted following needle and guidewire placement in a modified Seldinger 
fashion. The catheter will be secured in place using the distal silk tie. 
Additional anchoring sutures will then be placed to avoid catheter dislodgement. 
C. Carotid Artery Exposure for Proximal TRANS-SONIC Flow Probe (TSFP) placement 
Carotid artery exposure will commence with an incision over the anterior border 
of the sternocleidomastoid. The dissection will be carried through the skin and 
subcutaneous tissue to the level of the platysma. The platysma will be divided 
using electrocautery. The sternocleidomastoid will be identified and reflected 
laterally. The jugular vein and its nodal packet will be identified. The jugular 
vein will be reflected laterally along with the nodal packet to expose the 
carotid sheath. Venous tributaries will be divided between heavy silk sutures if 
required. The common carotid will be identified and circumferentially isolated 
from surrounding tissues. A Rummel tourniquet will be positioned at the proximal 
common carotid artery and large vessel-loop placed at the distal common carotid 
artery. Next, the proximal TSFP will be secured into position. D. Laparotomy 
with Splenectomy and Cystotomy The operation will commence with a standard 
midline laparotomy incision. The dissection will be carried through the dermis 
and subcutaneous tissue to the level of the fascia. The fascia will be entered 
in the midline. The incision will be extended to the xiphoid cranially and to 
the pubic symphysis caudally. An Omni retractor versus Balfour retractor will be 
placed to retract the abdominal wall. The small bowel will be collected into a 
bowel bag and placed toward the animals right-side. The spleen vasculature will 
be isolated (does not required mid-line mobilization). The major and minor 
splenic pedicles will be suture-ligated and splenectomy USUHS Form 3206 – 
Revised February 2018 Previous versions are obsolete completed. Next, the 
bladder will be visualized. A small cystotomy will be created sharply and 
standard Foley catheter placed. The Foley will be sutured into position. E. 
Infrarenal Abdominal Aortic Exposure for Distal TRANS-SONIC Flow Probe (TSFP) 
placement A midline laparotomy incision will be completed in standard fashion. 
The animal’s visceral contents will be mobilized in a similar fashion to human 
aortic surgery in order to facilitate wide exposure of the infrarenal abdominal 
aorta. This typically requires cranial mobilization of the transverse colon and 
lateral retraction of the small bowel to the animal’s right side. The large 
swine spleen will be removed as previously described. The small bowel will be 
gathered into a bowel bag and placed within the right lateral aspect of the 
animal’s peritoneal cavity. The retroperitoneal tissues overlying the aorta will 
be divided exposing the underlying aorta. The renal arteries will be identified 
and will serve as the cranial extent of the surgical field. Proximal and distal 
control will be obtained through circumferential dissection and isolation. The 
distal TSFP will be sized to the animals’ aorta at the trifurcation. Following 
circumferential dissection and isolation, the flow probe will be placed. F. 
Alternative Retroperitoneal Exposure of Right External Iliac Vessels (if 
required) The iliac vessels will be exposed using a standard retroperitoneal 
approach through a right transverse-oblique incision. Dissection will proceed in 
standard fashion through the layers of the abdominal wall until the peritoneum 
is identified. The peritoneal sac is mobilized away from the abdominal sidewall 
using gentle blunt dissection. Once the iliac artery and vein are exposed, the 
cephalad lymphatic tissue overlying the artery is swept medially. Proximal and 
distal exposure is obtained and vessel loops are placed around the external 
iliac artery. G. Percutaneous Common Femoral Artery Access Ultrasound-guided 
percutaneous access will be achieved at the common femoral artery (RIGHT versus 
LEFT) utilizing the 5-French micro-puncture system in a retrograde fashion 
following radiographic identification of the femoral head. Next, the 
micro-system sheath will be exchanged for a standard 7 French sheath. The 7 F 
sheath will be secure into place with 3-0 nylon suture. Non-survival Exploratory 
Laparotomy The non-survival exploratory laparotomy (NSEL) will be completed at 
the index operation. The NSEL will be completed through the previous midline 
laparotomy incision. Final laboratory evaluation (please see Outcome Measures 
for list of variables) and physiologic/metabolic markers will be completed. The 
animal will be euthanized. Next, tissue samples from the renal parenchyma, 
myocardium, liver, small bowel, hind limb muscle and brain will be collected. 
Outcome Measures Vital signs – including monitoring of central hemodynamics, 
pulmonary artery pressure, cardiac output and cardiac index – and other 
physiologic monitoring such as core body temperature, mean arterial pressure 
(MAP), ventilation rate, heart-rate, LEFT heart function. CBC, chemistries, 
arterial blood gases, measures of coagulation (ROTEM). Total blood loss will be 
monitored in hemorrhaged animals and resuscitation requirements during recovery 
phase of the experiments will also be measured. Mortality of the model and 
within the various study groups will be assessed and all animals will undergo 
necropsy (following death or euthanasia) with tissue samples from renal 
parenchyma, myocardium, liver, small bowel, hind limb muscle and brain preserved 
in both RNA. Later tissue preservation medium (gene mRNA transcript expression 
analysis using RT-PCR) and in 10% buffered formalin solution for embedded in 
USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions are obsolete paraffin, 
sectioned and stained with hematoxylin and eosin (H&E) for histopathological 
assessment by a pathologist blinded to the intervention. V.4.3.3. Post-surgical 
Provisions: NA V.4.3.4. Location: LAM Surgery Room as assigned V.4.3.5. 
Surgeons: Surgeon (Attending Vascular Surgeons) Todd Rasmussen, MD Joseph White, 
MD V.4.3.6. Multiple Major Survival Operative Procedures: V.4.3.6.1. Procedures: 
No additional procedures V.4.3.6.2. Scientific Justification: NA V.4.4. Animal 
Manipulations: V.4.4.1. Injections: All injected agents will be Pharmaceutical 
Grade products.The diluent used will be Normal Saline if needed. Drug Dose Conc 
Route Approx Volume Frequenc y Site Needle size Ketamine 33 mg/kg 100 mg/mL IM 
or SC 6-9 mL Once Thigh or neck 18-23ga 0.5-1 in Atropine 0.05 mg/kg 0.54 mg/mL 
IM or SC 0.5-2 mL Once Thigh or neck 18-23ga 0.5-1 in Euthanasia solution 100 
mg/kg Per label IV or IC 4-6 mL Once Catheter or IC 20-23ga 0.5-1 in (IC 20- 
23ga 2-2.5”) Buprenorphine 0.01- 0.05mg/kg Per label IM or SC 1ml q4-12hrs Thigh 
or neck 18-23ga 0.5-1 in Carprofen 2-4mg/kg 50mg/ml SC 3-4ml As needed q12hrs 
Thigh or neck 18-23ga 0.5-1 in Meloxicam 0.1-0.4mg/kg 5mg/ml SC 1.5-2ml As 
needed q 24hrs Thigh or neck 18-23ga 0.5-1 in Norepinephrine 0.01ug/kg/hr Per 
label IV Calculated based on length of surgical procedures CRI Catheter 20-23ga 
0.5-1 in V.4.4.2. Biosamples: CBC Clinical chemistries Arterial blood gases 
Measures of coagulation (ROTEM) Tissue Collections: following death or 
euthanasia, all animals will undergo necropsy with tissue samples collected from 
the renal parenchyma, myocardium, liver, small bowel, hind limb muscle and brain 
preserved in both RNALater and formalin. Tissues preserved in RNALater tissue 
preservation medium will be assessed for gene mRNA transcript expression 
analysis using RT-PCR and tissues preserved in 10% buffered formalin solution 
will be embedded in USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions 
are obsolete paraffin, sectioned and stained with hematoxylin and eosin (H&E) 
for histopathological assessment by a pathologist blinded to the intervention. 
V.4.4.3. Adjuvants: None V.4.4.4. Monoclonal Antibody (MAbs) Production: None 
V.4.4.5. Animal Identification: Cage cards, animal numbers/tags V.4.4.6. 
Behavioral Studies: NA V.4.4.7. Other Procedures: All procedures described in 
section V.4.3.2. V.4.4.8. Tissue Sharing: Any and all remaining available 
tissues or samples from this protocol may be used by other investigators after 
the appropriate necropsy has been completed. V.4.5. Study Endpoint: Experiment 1 
(Non-survival experiment): Completion of surgical intervention with 
identification of TDF. Animals will be euthanized in accordance with (IAW) 
V.4.6. Estimated time from induction of anesthesia to euthanasia is 150 minutes. 
Experiment 2 (Non-survival experiment): Completion of SICU intervention 
following surgery with PRH. Animals will be euthanized IAW V.4.6. Estimated time 
from induction of anesthesia to euthanasia is 360 minutes. V.4.6. Euthanasia: 
Euthanasia methods will be IAW the most current AVMA Guidelines for the 
Euthanasia of Animals. A pentobarbital based euthanasia solution will be 
utilized for euthanasia (e.g. Euthasol, 100 mg/kg, 1mL/10pounds body weight) 
while still under general anesthesia. The route of administration would either 
be IV through ear vein or femoral vein or intracardiac. Death will be confirmed 
with blood pressure-heart rate evaluation. V.5. Veterinary Care: V.5.1. 
Husbandry Considerations: Except as noted below, routine animal husbandry will 
be provided in accordance with LAM Husbandry SOPs for each species in this 
protocol. V.5.1.1. Study Room: Building Assigned by LAM Room V.5.1.2. Special 
Husbandry Provisions: Food Restriction: Pigs will receive no food after 1500 hrs 
on the day before the procedure, with fasting from at least 12 hrs to no more 
than 24 hrs prior to surgery. Fluid Restriction: None V.5.1.3. Exceptions: NA 
V.5.2. Veterinary Medical Care: USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous 
versions are obsolete V.5.2.1. Routine Veterinary Medical Care: Animals will be 
observed and cared for by LAM personnel according to LAM SOPs. Health rounds are 
conducted by veterinary technicians and by animal husbandry personnel twice a 
day. Any animal deemed to be ill will be evaluated by the PI and/or a LAM 
Veterinarian and treated or euthanized as deemed appropriate. V.5.2.2. Emergency 
Veterinary Medical Care: All emergency, weekend, and holiday care is provided by 
two animal husbandry technicians, one or more veterinary technicians, and an 
on-call veterinarian. Essential husbandry procedures and health rounds are 
conducted by LAM personnel once daily during weekend and holidays. V.5.2.3 
Environmental Enrichment: Except as indicated below, all animals on this 
protocol will be provided with routine environmental enrichment in accordance 
with LAM SOPs and IACUC Policies. Examples include balls, toys and food 
enrichment treats for large animal species. V.5.2.4. Enrichment Strategy: Prior 
to experimentation, all animals on this protocol will be provided with routine 
environmental enrichment in accordance with LAM SOPs and IACUC Policies. 
V.5.3.5. Enrichment Restrictions: None USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 
Previous versions are obsolete VI. STUDY PERSONNEL QUALIFICATIONS AND TRAINING: 
STUDY PERSONNEL QUALIFICATIONS/TRAINING Protocol Activity Name Qualifications 
Specific Training USU IT Course/ IACUC/CITI Surgical procedures Todd Rasmussen 
MD Vascular surgeon USU PI training 04/09/18; 5/15/2018 ALAS Working with the 
IACUC; 5/15/2018 Introduction to Swine Surgical procedures Joseph White MD 
Vascular surgeon USU PI training 05/14/18; 5/16/2018 ALAS Working with the 
IACUC; 5/16/2018 Introduction to Swine Administration and tissue collections; 
laboratory assessments Thomas Davis PhD 35+ years in small and large animal 
model studies in DoD, academia and industry/biotech USU PI training 05/14/18; 
5/15/2018 ALAS Working with the IACUC; 5/15/2018 Introduction to Swine Pre and 
Intraoperative care, assistance with surgical procedures John Mares B.S. 
Research Associate-III laboratory/Surgical Tech with an abundance of training in 
pre and post operative care in NHP and Swine models USU PI training 05/14/18; 
5/21/2018 ALAS Working with the IACUC; 5/21/2018 Introduction to Swine Pre and 
Intraoperative care, assistance with surgical procedures Monet Schuler Research 
Associate-I Surgical Technician; wealth of training in pre and post operative 
emergency care for large animal USU PI training 05/14/18; 5/21/2018 ALAS Working 
with the IACUC; 5/21/2018 Introduction to Swine VII.BIOHAZARDS/SAFETY: USUHS 
Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions are obsolete Biohazard 
concerns include: zoonotic disease control, lab safety (large animals will be 
used for this study), isoflurane exposure and waste gas safety, sharp instrument 
safety and any formalin exposure and safety measures. Isoflurane, Telazol, 
Ketamine, Xylazine, and Chlorprep will be stored and used in accordance with 
USU/LAM policy. All anesthetic gases will be properly scavenged. Occupational 
Health and Preventive Medicine guidelines and joint safety manual will be 
followed. All personnel participating in this protocol will be advised of the 
potential for zoonotic disease transmission. Investigators and Center for 
Laboratory Animal Medicine personnel will follow established standard USU/DoD 
Occupational Health and Preventive Medicine guidelines. “Occupational Health 
Program”. All personnel working with animals will wear protective clothing 
(scrubs, cap, mask, gloves, lab coat and shoe covers at a minimum). All 
disposable safety items are deposited in appropriate waste receptacles prior to 
departing the laboratory. All sharps are handled and disposed of in accordance 
with USU standard procedures. A. Zoonotic Disease: B. Safety Hazards: B. 
Isoflurane: C. Isoflurane Exposure: Safety procedures will be followed during 
use to include scavenging and properly insufflating the animal’s endotracheal 
tube cuff. D. Sharp Instruments: Syringes/needles used for injections will be 
disposed of in an appropriate sharps container. Lab staff are properly trained 
in the use of scalpels, syringes, and surgical instruments. E. Infectious Agents 
that do not cause Zoonoses: VIII. ENCLOSURES: IX. EXTRAMUAL COLLABORATION: If 
there are any collaborations with outside entities, please explain here. None.X. 
ASSURANCES: As the Principal Investigator on this protocol, I acknowledge my 
responsibilities and provide assurances for the following: A. Animal Use: The 
animals authorized for use in this protocol will be used only in the activities 
and in the manner described herein, unless a modification is specifically 
approved by the IACUC prior to its implementation. B. Duplication of Effort: I 
have made a reasonable, good faith effort to ensure that this protocol is not an 
unnecessary duplication of previous experiments. C. Statistical Assurance: I 
assure that I have consulted with an individual who is qualified to evaluate the 
statistical design or strategy of this proposal, and that the “minimum number of 
animals needed for scientific validity are used.” USUHS Form 3206 – Revised 
February 2018 Previous versions are obsolete D. Biohazard\Safety: I have taken 
into consideration and made the proper coordination regarding all applicable 
rules and regulations concerning radiation protection, biosafety, recombinant 
issues, and so forth, in the preparation of this protocol. E. Training: I verify 
that the personnel performing the animal procedures / manipulations / 
observations described in this protocol are technically competent and have been 
properly trained to ensure that no unnecessary pain or distress will be caused 
to the animals as a result of the procedures / manipulations. F. Training: I 
verify that I have attended the USUHS Investigator/Animal User Training Course. 
21 May 2018 Principle Investigator Signature Date G. Training: The following 
personnel will attend the next USUHS Investigator/Animal User Training Course: 
21 May 2018 Principle Investigator Signature Date H. Responsibility: I 
acknowledge the inherent moral, ethical and administrative obligations 
associated with the performance of this animal use protocol, and I assure that 
all individuals associated with this project will demonstrate a concern for the 
health, comfort, welfare, and well- being of the research animals. Additionally, 
I pledge to conduct this study in the spirit of the fourth "R" that the DOD has 
embraced, namely, "Responsibility" for implementing animal use alternatives 
where feasible and conducting humane and lawful research. 21 May 2018 Principle 
Investigator Signature Date I. Painful Procedure(s): I am conducting biomedical 
experiments which may potentially cause more than momentary or slight pain or 
distress to animals. This potential pain and/or distress WILL be relieved with 
the use of anesthetics, analgesics and/or tranquilizers. I have considered 
alternatives to such procedures; however, using the methods and sources 
described in the protocol, I have determined that alternative procedures are not 
available to accomplish the objectives of this proposed experiment. 21 May 2018 
Principle Investigator Signature Date USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 
Previous versions are obsolete XI. PROTOCOL ABSTRACT: A. Animal Protocol Number: 
Pending B. Animal Protocol Title: Partial resuscitative endovascular balloon 
occlusion of the aorta (PREBOA) characterization of targeted distal flow and 
permissive regional hypoperfusion in a porcine model (Sus scrofa domesticus) of 
hemorrhagic shock C. Principal Investigator: Joseph M. White, MD FACS MAJ MC USA 
Associate Program Director, Vascular Surgery Fellowship Assistant Professor of 
Surgery The Department of Surgery at Uniformed Services University of the Health 
Sciences and Walter Reed National Military Medical Center Office 301-295-8711 D. 
Performing Organization: Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences E. 
Funding: USU F. Objective and Approach: The objectives of this study are two 
fold (1) to characterize distal aortic flow following PREBOA using the ER-REBOA, 
PREBOA-PRO and Coda LP (Cook Medical, Bloomington, IN) catheters in an 
established, translational, swine model of lethal non-compressible torso 
hemorrhage (NCTH) and (2) to identify the critical threshold at which Permissive 
Regional Hypoperfusion (PRH) allows for reduced perfusion pressure promoting 
clot stabilization (avoidance of hemorrhage), mitigates tissue ischemia and 
reperfusion injury, and dampens supraphysiologic central and cerebral pressures. 
Experiment 1: In a controlled prefixed bleed hemorrhagic shock model, evaluate 
and characterize distal aortic flow rate capabilities with the ER-REBOA, 
pREBOA-PRO and Coda LP (N= 8 swine per treatment arm; total 24 swine). 
Experiment 2: Following complete aortic occlusion and PRH in a swine traumatic 
liver amputation uncontrolled bleed hemorrhagic shock model (approximately 30% 
of the liver followed by 1.5 minutes of free hemorrhage), evaluate and 
characterize associated hemodynamics and metabolic/physiologic consequences of 
TDF at 50 mL/min (Grp 1), 150 mL/min (Grp 2), 300 mL/min (Grp 3) and 500 mL/min 
(Grp 4). N= 8 swine per treatment arm; total 32 swine. G. Indexing Terms 
(Descriptors): Partial resuscitative endovascular balloon occlusion of the aorta 
(PREBOA) Targeted Distal Flow (TDF) Permissive Regional Hypoperfusion (PRH) 
Porcine model (Sus scrofa domesticus) of hemorrhagic shock USUHS Form 3206 – 
Revised February 2018 Previous versions are obsolete References 1. Holcomb JB, 
McMullin NR, Pearse L, et al. Causes of death in US Special Operations Forces in 
the Global War on Terrorism. Ann Surgical 2007;245:986-991. 2. White JM, 
Stannard A, Burkhardt GE, et al. The epidemiology of vascular injury in the wars 
in Iraq and Afghanistan. Ann Surg. 2011 Jun;253(6):1184-9. 3. Eastridge BJ, 
Mabry RL, Seguin P, Cantrell J, Tops T, Uribe P, Mallett O, Zubko T, Oetjen- 
Gerdes L, Rasmussen TE, Butler FK, Kotwal RS, Holcomb JB, Wade C, Champion H, 
Lawnick M, Moores L, Blackbourne LH. Death on the battlefield (2001-2011): 
implications for the future of combat casualty care. J Trauma Acute Care Surg. 
2012 Dec;73(6 Suppl 5):S431-7. 4. White JM, Cannon JW, Stannard A, Markov NP, 
Spencer JR, Rasmussen TE. Endovascular balloon occlusion of the aorta is 
superior to resuscitative thoracotomy with aortic clamping in a porcine model of 
hemorrhagic shock. Surgery. 2011 Sep;150(3):400-9. 5. DuBose JJ, Scalea T, et 
al. The AAST Prospective Aortic Occlusion for Resuscitation in Trauma and Acute 
Care Surgery (AORTA) Registry: Data on contemporary utilization and outcomes of 
aortic occlusion and resuscitative balloon occlusion of the aorta (REBOA). J 
Trauma Acute Care Surg. 2016 Sep;81(3):409-19. 6. Williams TK, Neff LP, Johnson 
MA, Ferencz SA, Davidson AJ, Russo RM, Rasmussen TE. Extending resuscitative 
endovascular balloon occlusion of the aorta: Endovascular variable aortic 
control in a lethal model of hemorrhagic shock. J Trauma Acute Care Surg. 2016 
Aug;81(2):294-301. USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions are 
obsolete Appendix A Partial Resuscitative Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the 
Aorta (P-REBOA) in a Pig Model (Sus scrota) Objectives: We investigated the 
hemodynamic and physiologic effects of partial Resuscitative Endovascular 
Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta ( REBOA .versus the current practiced complete 
REBOA (c- REBOA ) technique. Methods: Fifteen Yorkshire-cross swine were 
subjected to 25% total blood volume loss.They were randomized to either c- REBOA 
, p- REBOA , or no intervention. Aortic pressures, visceral arterial pressures, 
and serum makers of ischemia www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/AD1022767 - 221 KB - 
2015-08-14 Partial Resuscitative Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta 
(P-REBOA) in a Pig Model (Sus scrofa) with ongoing Resuscitation INTRODUCTION: 
Resuscitative Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta ( REBOA ) is limited 
by the short duration of tolerable ischemia and resulting.reperfusion injury. P- 
REBOA relies on regional permissive hypo-perfusion to limit exsanguination while 
providing limited perfusion to distal tissue.beds. METHODS: An automated 
extracorporeal circuit was developed to perform P- REBOA . The circuit was used 
in a large animal model of highly lethal www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/AD1024014 - 
452 KB - 2016-01-08 A Novel Fluoroscopy-free, Resuscitative Endovascular Aortic 
Balloon Occlusion System in a Model of Hemorrhagic Shock Michigan BACKGROUND: 
Resuscitative endovascular balloon occlusion of the aorta ( REBOA ) is a 
potentially lifesaving maneuver in the setting of.hemorrhagic shock. However, 
emergent use of REBOA is limited by existing technology, which requires large 
sheath arterial access and fluoroscopy- guided.balloon positioning. The 
objectives of this study were to describe a new, fluoroscopy-free REBOA system 
and to compare its efficacy to existing technology 
www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/ADA615139 - 1 MB - 2013-07-01 Partial Resuscitative 
Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta (P-REBOA) in a Pig Model (Sus 
scrofa) Background: Partial REBOA (P- REBOA ) may permit longer periods of 
occlusion by allowing some degree of distal perfusion. However the ability of 
this.procedure to limit exsanguination is unclear. We evaluated the impact of P- 
REBOA on immediate survival in a highly lethal swine liver injury model.through 
hemodilution. Randomized swine received no intervention (control), P- REBOA , or 
complete REBOA (C- REBOA ). Central mean arterial pressure 
www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/AD1023092 - 173 KB - 2015-09-10 The Inflammatory 
Sequelae of Aortic Balloon Occlusion in Hemorrhagic Shock of the aorta REBOA 
Noncompressible torso hemorrhage Hemorrhagic shock Resuscitation a b s t r a c t 
Background.Resuscitative endovascular balloon occlusion of the aorta ( REBOA ) 
is a hemorrhage control and resuscitative adjunct that has been demonstrated to 
improve central perfusion during hemorrhagic shock.swine (Sus scrofa, weight 70 
90 kg) underwent a 35% blood volume controlled hemorrhage followed by thoracic 
aortic balloon occlusion of 30 (30 REBOA) www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/ADA615153 
- 1 MB - 2014-04-13 Aortic Balloon Occlusion is Effective in Controlling Pelvic 
Hemorrhage endo- vascular aortic balloon occlusion ( REBOA ) of the distal aorta 
in a porcine model of pelvic hemorrhage. Methods: Swine were entered into 
three.impregnated gauze (Combat Gauze) (CG, n 1⁄4 7), or REBOA (n 1⁄4 7). The 
protocol was repeated with a dilutional coagulopathy (CG-C, n 1⁄4 7, and REBOA 
-C, n.the REBOA and CG groups (822 415 mL/min USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 
2018 Previous versions are obsolete versus 11 13 and 0.2 0.4 mL/min 
respectively; P < 0.001). MAP following intervention (at 15 min) was the 
www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/ADA616881 - 408 KB - 2012-05-08 Assessing the 
Hemodynamic Effects of Resuscitative Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta 
(REBOA) in Traumatic Cardiac Arrest When Closed Chest Compressions are Augmented 
by Directing the Area of Maximal Compression Over the Left Ventricle in a Swine 
Model (sus scrofa) Assessing the hemodynamic effects of Resuscitative 
Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta ( REBOA ) in traumatic cardiac 
arrest when closed.survival (to 60 minutes), when performing chest compressions 
(CC) directly over the left ventricle, are maintained if REBOA is added to the 
www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/AD1017235 - 163 KB - 2016-09-15 Clinical Study of 
Resuscitative Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta (REBOA) for Severe 
Pelvic Fracture and Intra Abdominal Hemorrhagic Shock using Continuous Vital 
Signs AWARD NUMBER: W81XWH-15-1-0025 TITLE: Clinical Study of Resuscitative 
Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta ( REBOA ) for Severe Pelvic. REBOA ) 
for Severe Pelvic Fracture & Intra- Abdominal Hemorrhagic Shock using Continuous 
Vital Signs 5c. PROGRAM ELEMENT NUMBER 6. AUTHOR(S) 5d.sites. Resuscitative 
balloon occlusion of the aorta ( REBOA ) has been clinically demonstrated to 
stop bleeding below the diaphragm. It has the potential 
www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/AD1033989 - 2 MB - 2016-03-01 Technique Development 
for a Polytrauma Model to Study Partial Resuscitative Endovascular Balloon 
Occlusion of the Aorta (P-REBOA) in Swine (Sus scrofa) p- reboa (partial 
resuscitative endovascular balloon occlusion of the aorta) 
www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/AD1024018 - 429 KB - 2016-06-01 Clinical Study of 
Resuscitative Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta (REBOA) for Severe 
Pelvic Fracture and Intra Abdominal Hemorrhagic Shock using Continuous Vital 
Signs AWARD NUMBER: W81XWH-15-1-0025 TITLE: Clinical Study of Resuscitative 
Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta ( REBOA ) for Severe 
Pelvic.Hemorrhagic Shock 5b. GRANT NUMBER W81XWH-15-1-0025 Clinical Study of 
Resuscitative Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta ( REBOA ) for 
Severe.Placed REBOA Appendix B: Brief Clinical Summary and Review of Data 
Capture 28 Process: Continuous Vital Signs (VS) and Videography Appendix C 
www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/AD1043372 - 2 MB - 2017-11-01 PDF The Effect Of 
Supraphysiologic Blood Pressure on Traumatic Brain Injury and Proximal Tissue 
Beds During Resuscitative Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta and Variable Aortic 
Control in a Porcine Model (Sus scrofa) of Polytrauma. Mandatory) The Effect of 
REBOA , Partial Aortic Occlusion and Aggressive Blood Transfusion on Traumatic 
Brain Injury in a Swine Polytrauma Model.Objectives: Despite clinical reports of 
poor outcomes, the degree to which REBOA exacerbates traumatic brain injury 
(TBI) is not known. We hypothesized that.combined effects of increased proximal 
mean arterial pressure (pMAP), carotid blood flow (Qcarotid), and intracranial 
pressure (ICP) from REBOA would www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/AD1032867 - 254 KB - 
2017-04-27 PDF Physiologic Tolerance of Descending Thoracic Aortic Balloon 
Occlusion in a Swine Model of Hemorrhagic Shock REBOA ) is an emerging technique 
in trauma; however, the physiological sequelae are un- quantified. The 
objectives of this study are to characterize the.burden of reperfusion and organ 
USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions are obsolete 
dysfunction of REBOA incurred during 30 or 90 minutes of class IV shock in a 
survivable porcine model of hemorrhage.Methods: Following the induction of 
shock, animals were randomized into 4 groups (n=6): 30 minutes of shock alone 
(30-Shock) or REBOA (30- REBOA ) and www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/ADA568504 - 1 
MB - 2013-01-10 PDF Resuscitative Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta 
Improves Survival in Lethal Hemorrhage Resuscitative Endovascular Balloon 
Occlusion of the Aorta ( REBOA ) using generic balloon catheters placed into the 
descending aorta under fluoroscopy has.been used to treat hemorrhagic shock in 
animal models. We tested a new non-image guided 7F ER- REBOA catheter (Pryor 
Medical Arvada, CO) for its.potential to improve survival in a 100% lethal model 
of hemorrhagic shock. We hypothesized that ER- REBOA , placed without 
fluoroscopic guidance, improves www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/ADA614875 - 55 KB - 
2014-01-01 PDF The Effect of Infrarenal Aortic Balloon Occlusion on Weaning from 
Supraceliac Aortic Balloon Occlusion in a Porcine Model (Sus scrofa) of 
Hemorrhagic Shock Objectives: We sought to determine whether stepwise 
reperfusion after supraceliac (Zone-1) REBOA by transitioning to infrarenal 
(Zone-3) occlusion.hemorrhage of 25 blood volume, 45 minutes of Zone-1 REBOA , 
then resuscitation with shed blood. Critical care began with deflation of the 
Zone-1 balloon in.all animals, and continued for six hours. Half of the animals 
were randomly assigned to Zone-3 REBOA for an additional 45 minutes following 
Zone-1 www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/AD1035356 - 755 KB - 2017-06-15 PDF Assessing 
Hemorrhage Severity with Continuous Automatic Heart-Rate-Complexity Monitoring 
in Swine transfusion of shed blood (TSB, n=7); or endovascular balloon occlusion 
of the aorta ( REBOA ) (Pryor Medical, Arvada, CO) for up to 60 minutes 
followed.by TSB (n=21). Epinephrine boluses were given if mean arterial pressure 
(MAP) < 40 mmHg in the TSB and REBOA groups. After resuscitative.7 in group TSB, 
and 1/21 in group REBOA . SampEn and MSE decreased with hemorrhage and increased 
after interventions (TSB or REBOA +TSB). www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/ADA621471 - 
56 KB - 2014-12-02 PDF Endovascular Perfusion Augmentation for Critical Care 
(EPACC) as a Resuscitative Adjunct ina Swine (Sus scrofa) Polytrauma Model of 
Ischemia Reperfusion Injury. Florida in January. This work has resulted in one 
manuscript entitled Location Is Everything: The Hemodynamic Effects of REBOA in 
Zone 1 versus Zone 3 of.wounded soldiers in hemorrhagic shock when REBOA is 
going to be used. 12. PROTOCOL OUTCOME SUMMARY: (Please provide, in "ABSTRACT" 
format, a summary.Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta ( REBOA ) is an 
emerging technology to augment proximal blood pressure during the resuscitation 
of patients with non www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/AD1044086 - 874 KB - 2017-12-21 
PDF The Effect of Hypothermia on Prolonged Distal Aortic Balloon Occlusion in a 
Porcine Model (Sus scrofa) of Hemorrhage normothermia followed by 4 hours of 
zone III REBOA , resuscitation with shed blood, and 3 hours of critical care. 
Physiologic parameters were continuously.Conclusion: External cooling during 
prolonged zone III REBOA decreased ischemic muscle injury and resulted in lower 
compartment pressures following www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/AD1038226 - 657 KB - 
2017-06- 12 PDF USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions are 
obsolete Prospective Evaluation of the Correlation Between Torso Height and 
Aortic Anatomy in Respect of a Fluoroscopy Free Aortic Balloon Occlusion System 
endovascular balloon occlusion of the aorta ( REBOA ) provides inflow control 
and afterload support to patients with circulatory collapse from hemorrhage.7 It 
can.deterioration, or as a substitute to open cross- clamping in the moribund 
patient.8 REBOA is de- signed as a proactive maneuver, which can be in- serted 
in.aortic balloon occlusion during endovascular aneurysm repair,12,13 many of 
these constrains have been overcome. The use of REBOA in traumatic hemorrhagic 
www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/ADA614718 - 547 KB - 2014-06-01 PDF Endovascular 
Therapy in Trauma of the aorta ( REBOA ) The most common cause of death from 
aortic trauma remains hemorrhagic shock compounded by ongoing coagulopathy, thus 
early.with REBOA [37–40]. Descriptions of its use for trauma are few [41–43], 
but may be useful for control of non- compressible torso hemorrhage in the.these 
areas, but the potential exists to train trauma surgeons in this technique. The 
use of REBOA to obtain proximal control at the level of the 
www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/ADA620818 - 528 KB - 2014-11-23 PDF Technique 
Refinement and Validation of Variable Aortic Occlusion via Extracorporeal Flow 
Circuit in a Pig Model (Sus scrofa) of Uncontrolled Hemorrhage with Subsequent 
Resuscitation and Critical Care Rasmussen TE. Extending REBOA : Endovascular 
Variable Aortic Control (EVAC) in a Lethal Model of Hemorrhagic Shock. The 
Journal of Trauma and Acute Care www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/AD1022574 - 698 KB 
- 2016-07-24 Morphometric Analysis of Torso Arterial Anatomy with Implications 
for Resuscitative Aortic Occlusion balloon occlusion of the aorta ( REBOA ) as 
an adjunct for hemorrhagic shock. J Trauma. 2011;71:1869Y1872. 5. Sierink JC, 
Saltzherr TP, Beenen LFM, Luitse JSK www.dtic.mil/docs/citations/ADA614948 - 4 
MB - 2013-08-01 PREBOA Pre-clinical Experience (large animal models) White JM, 
Cannon JW, Stannard A, Markov NP, Spencer JR, Rasmussen TE. Endovascular balloon 
occlusion of the aorta is superior to resuscitative thoracotomy with aortic 
clamping in a porcine model of hemorrhagic shock. Surgery. 2011 
Sep;150(3):400-9. doi: 10.1016/j.surg.2011.06.010. The objective of this study 
is to characterize resuscitative aortic balloon occlusion (BO) compared to 
thoracotomy with aortic clamping in a model of hemorrhagic shock. A total of 18 
swine (3 groups; 6 animals/group) were used in this study. Swine in class IV 
shock underwent no aortic occlusion (NO), thoracotomy and clamp occlusion (CO), 
or endovascular BO. Animals in the NO group underwent direct placement of a 
temporary vascular shunt (TVS) at the injury site, whereas animals in the CO and 
BO groups underwent aortic occlusion before TVS placement. Hemodynamic and 
physiologic measures were collected.The central aortic pressure, carotid blood 
flow and brain oxygenation as measured by oximetry increased in the CO and BO 
groups compared to the NO group (P < .05). During resuscitation, the BO group 
was less acidotic than the CO group (pH,7.35 vs 7.24; P < .05) with a lower 
serum lactate level (4.27 vs 6.55; P < .05) and pCO2 level (43.5 vs 49.9; P < 
.05). During resuscitation, the BO group required less fluid (667 mL vs 2,166 
mL; P < .05) and norepinephrine (0 mcg vs 52.1 mcg; P < .05) than the CO group. 
Resuscitative aortic BO increases central perfusion pressures with less 
physiologic disturbance than thoracotomy with aortic clamping in a model of 
hemorrhagic shock. USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions are 
obsolete Endovascular BO of the aorta should be explored further as an option in 
the management of noncompressible torso hemorrhage (NCTH). Davidson AJ, Russo 
RM, Ferencz SE, Cannon JW, Rasmussen TE, Neff LP, Johnson MA, Williams TK. 
Incremental balloon deflation following complete resuscitative endovascular 
balloon occlusion of the aorta results in steep inflection of flow and rapid 
reperfusion in a large animal model of hemorrhagic shock. J Trauma Acute Care 
Surg. 2017 Jul;83(1):139-143. doi: 10.1097/TA.0000000000001502. Study completed 
in 2016. The objective of this study was to characterize the hemodynamic effect 
of incremental balloon deflation following sustained REBOA, particularly with 
respect to mean arterial pressure (MAP) and aortic flow. Hemorrhage shock was 
simulated (25% total estimate blood volume). Next, complete aortic occlusion was 
initiated with ER-REBOA for 60 minutes. This was followed by incremental balloon 
deflation of 0.5cc every 30 seconds. Physiologic parameters and aortic flow 
measurements were collected. Rapid increase in aortic flow during single-balloon 
deflation was observed in all animals (664-1241 mL/min MAX). Key observations: 
(1) a large proportion of aortic flow returned during a discrete time point 
(i.e., deflation step); (2) the precise onset of this rapid return of flow was 
variable and unpredictable across animals; (3) this rapid reintroduction of 
aortic flow corresponded with a significant drop in MAP despite ongoing 
aggressive blood resuscitation. Johnson MA, Davidson AJ, Russo RM, Ferencz SE, 
Gotlib O, Rasmussen TE, Neff LP, Williams TK. Small changes, big effects: The 
hemodynamics of partial and complete aortic occlusion to inform next generation 
resuscitation techniques and technologies. J Trauma Acute Care Surg. 2017 
Jun;82(6):1106-1111. doi: 10.1097/TA.0000000000001446. The study hypothesized 
that proximal blood pressure would be an inaccurate predictor of distal aortic 
flow but that distal mean arterial blood pressure (MAP) would provide a more 
accurate estimate of aortic flow at various levels of hemorrhage following 
complete aortic occlusion. The aim of the study was to examine the relationship 
between blood pressure and aortic flow at varying degrees of occlusion, across 
iterative levels of hemorrhage. The seven animals used in this experiment had no 
significant differences in baseline physiology. Following full clamp release at 
both 10% and 20% hemorrhage, aortic flow was markedly increased relative to 
baseline flow (10%: 1,599 ± 785 mL/min, p < 0.01; 20%: 1,070 ± 396 mL/min, p < 
0.01), but increased flow was not evident after 30% and 40% hemorrhage (30%: 337 
± 490 mL/min, p = 0.12; 40%: −83 ± 256 mL/min, p = 0.42). During aortic 
occlusion, proximal MAP increased for all levels of hemorrhage when compared 
with baseline. During occlusion, a distal MAP was present at all levels of 
hemorrhage. The average distal MAP during occlusion was smaller after 40% 
hemorrhage when compared with 10% hemorrhage (6.5 ± 2.6 mmHg vs 10.0 ± 1.7 mmHg, 
Fig. 3C, p = 0.03). During clamp release, aortic flow was linearly related to 
distal MAP across all levels of hemorrhage. Aortic flow increased at a rate of 
30.7 ± 10.1 mL/min (40% hemorrhage) to 50.5 ± 10.8 mL/min (10% hemorrhage) for 
every increase of 1 mm Hg in MAP, with no statistical differences between groups 
(p > 0.05). Aortic flow was not linearly related to proximal MAP at any level of 
hemorrhage. This study described the relationship between proximal blood 
pressure, distal blood pressure, and distal aortic blood flow during aortic 
occlusion and reperfusion at varying shock states. The study demonstrated that 
supraphysiologic blood pressure occurs during occlusion in Classes I and II 
shock, which has the potential to exacerbate injuries to the brain and create 
increased stress on the cardiopulmonary system. Furthermore, the study 
demonstrated that aortic hyperemia occurs during reperfusion from complete 
occlusion in Classes I and II shock. Finally, the study demonstrated that aortic 
blood USUHS Form 3206 – Revised February 2018 Previous versions are obsolete 
flow has a linear relationship with distal blood pressure during reperfusion, a 
critical concept that can be used to help transition from complete to pREBOA. 
Russo RM, Neff LP, Lamb CM, Cannon JW, Galante JM, Clement NF, Grayson JK, 
Williams TK. Partial Resuscitative Endovascular Balloon Occlusion of the Aorta 
in Swine Model of Hemorrhagic Shock. J Am Coll Surg. 2016 Aug;223(2):359-68. 
doi: 10.1016/j.jamcollsurg.2016.04.037. Epub 2016 Apr 29. The physiologic impact 
of P-REBOA for sustained therapy in hemorrhagic shock has not been fully 
characterized. In an effort to test this effect, we hypothesized P-REBOA would 
preserve proximal aortic mean arterial pressure (MAP) closer to normal 
physiologic levels and concurrently reduce distal ischemia and systemic 
metabolic injury compared with C-REBOA in a porcine hemorrhagic shock model. In 
this study, we have demonstrated that P-REBOA maintained proximal MAP at more 
physiologically normal levels during intervention and after balloon deflation, 
and avoided the hemodynamic extremes seen with C-REBOA. Partial REBOA also 
simultaneously maintained enough distal perfusion to minimize organ ischemia and 
the systemic burden of ischemia reperfusion injury compared with C-REBOA. 
Maintaining proximal MAP within a normal physiologic range with P-REBOA can 
reduce the incidence of cardiac dysfunction, cerebral edema, and respiratory 
failure compared with sustained aortic occlusion. Partial REBOA can also offer a 
way to extend the duration of intervention beyond what is currently possible 
with C-REBOA. Russo RM, Williams TK, Grayson JK, Lamb CM, Cannon JW, Clement NF, 
Galante JM, Neff LP. Extending the golden hour: Partial resuscitative 
endovascular balloon occlusion of the aorta in a highly lethal swine liver 
injury model. J Trauma Acute Care Surg. 2016 Mar;80(3):372-8; discussion 378-80. 
doi: 10.1097/TA.0000000000000940. The objective of this study was to examine the 
feasibility and effectiveness of sustained P- REBOA compared with complete REBOA 
(CREBOA) in a porcine model of lethal hemorrhagic shock. In addition, this 
investigation aimed to characterize the impact of P-REBOA compared with C-REBOA 
on cMAP, distal hemorrhage, and markers of ischemia-reperfusion injury. 
Procedural blood losswas quantified, and additional blood was removed to 
standardize preinjury blood loss at 10% of the total circulating blood volume 
(6.6 mL/kg) over 5 minutes. The liver was marked along the planned transection 
plane, 2 cm to the left of Cantlie's line, to provide amputation of 
approximately 80% of the left lateral lobe of the liver and 40% of the left 
medial lobe of the liver (approximately 30% of the total liver volume) similar 
to previous descriptions. The swine were then assigned via a block randomization 
scheme to no intervention (controls), P-REBOA, or C-REBOA. In this study of 
highly lethal uncontrolled hemorrhage in swine, P- REBOA proved effective at 
maintaining a reliable and reproducible aortic pressure gradient over time, 
despite ongoing hemorrhage. P-REBOA increased survival time beyond the golden 
hour while maintaining physiologic cMAP and carotid blood flow. This 
preservation of baseline proximal pressure and flow may theoretically reduce 
injury to tissue beds above the point of aortic occlusion. USUHS Form 3206 – 
Revised February 2018 Previous versions are obsolete Appendix B: PI NAME: COL 
Todd Rasmussen, MD; USAF MC PROTCOL NUMBER: DRUGS AND CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES 
Please list ALL drugs and controlled substances that will be used under this 
protocol, indicating the DEA Schedule if known. Provide both the Approved Name 
and the Proprietary Name of each drug if known. This list, once approved, will 
be used by the IACUC and the USU Pharmacy to determine which drugs and 
controlled substances can be supplied to the Principal Investigator. The 
Pharmacy will not dispense to the PI any drug that is not included in this list. 
Drug Name DEA Schedule (I, II, III, or IV) (Please give both approved and (if 
known) Proprietary Names if possible) _____________________________ 
_________________________ Issued protocol number SUR-19-965. Conflicts of 
interest: In compliance with the ICMJE uniform disclosure form, all authors 
declare the following: Payment/services info: All authors have declared that no 
financial support was received from any organization for the submitted work. 
Financial relationships: All authors have declared that they have no financial 
relationships at present or within the previous three years with any 
organizations that might have an interest in the submitted work. Other 
relationships: All authors have declared that there are no other relationships 
or activities that could appear to have influenced the submitted work.


2. Mol Cancer Ther. 2024 Nov 4;23(11):1680. doi: 10.1158/1535-7163.MCT-24-0802.

Retraction: Combining PARP-1 Inhibition and Radiation in Ewing Sarcoma Results 
in Lethal DNA Damage.

Lee HJ, Yoon C, Schmidt B, Park DJ, Zhang AY, Erkizan HV, Toretsky JA, Kirsch 
DG, Yoon SS.

Retraction of
    Mol Cancer Ther. 2013 Nov;12(11):2591-600. doi: 
10.1158/1535-7163.MCT-13-0338.

DOI: 10.1158/1535-7163.MCT-24-0802
PMID: 39492662


3. Med Sci Monit. 2024 Oct 7;30:e946770. doi: 10.12659/MSM.946770.

Retracted: Boschniakia rossica Polysaccharide Triggers Laryngeal Carcinoma Cell 
Apoptosis by Regulating Expression of Bcl-2, Caspase-3, and P53.

Yao C(1)(2), Cao X(2), Fu Z(3), Tian J(4), Dong W(2), Xu J(2), An K(5), Zhai 
L(2), Yu J(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute 
and Hospital, Tianjin, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital Affiliated with 
Shandong University, Shandong Academy of Medical Science, Jinan, Shandong, 
China.
(3)PET-CT Center, Shandong Cancer Hospital Affiliated with Shandong University, 
Shandong Academy of Medical Science, Jinan, Shandong, China.
(4)Department of Medical Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital Affiliated with 
Shandong University, Shandong Academy of Medical Science, Jinan, Shandong, 
China.
(5)Second Internal Medical Department, Zibo Zhoucun Renmin Hospital, Zibo, 
Shandong, China.

Retraction of
    Med Sci Monit. 23:2059.

The Editors of Medical Science Monitor wish to inform you that the above 
manuscript has been retracted from publication due to concerns with the 
credibility and originality of the study, the manuscript content, and the Figure 
images. Reference: Chunping Yao, Xiujuan Cao, Zheng Fu, Jing Tian, Wei Dong, Jin 
Xu, Kang An, Limin Zhai, Jinming Yu. Boschniakia rossica Polysaccharide Triggers 
Laryngeal Carcinoma Cell Apoptosis by Regulating Expression of Bcl-2, Caspase-3, 
and P53. Med Sci Monit, 2017; 23: 2059-2064. DOI: 10.12659/MSM.901381.

DOI: 10.12659/MSM.946770
PMCID: PMC11469421
PMID: 39370918 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


4. Oncol Rep. 2024 Dec;52(6):159. doi: 10.3892/or.2024.8818. Epub 2024 Oct 4.

[Retracted] hsa‑miR‑212 modulates the radiosensitivity of glioma cells by 
targeting BRCA1.

He X(1), Fan S(1).

Author information:
(1)Tianjin Key Laboratory of Radiation Medicine and Molecular Nuclear Medicine, 
institute of Radiation Medicine, Peking Union Medical College and Chinese 
Academy of Medical Sciences, Tianjin 300192, P.R. China.

Retraction of
    Oncol Rep. 2018 Mar;39(3):977-984. doi: 10.3892/or.2017.6156.

Following the publication of the above paper, it was drawn to the Editor's 
attention by a concerned reader that there appeared to be overlapping sections 
in a pair of the fluorescence reporter assay data panels shown in Fig. 4B; 
moreover, upon having conducted an independent investigation of the data in this 
paper in the Editorial Office, one of the data panels shown in this figure was 
strikingly similar to data that had previously appeared in different form in a 
paper written by different authors at a different research institute. Owing to 
the fact that the contentious data in the above article had already been 
published prior to its submission to Oncology Reports, the Editor has decided 
that this paper should be retracted from the Journal. The authors were asked for 
an explanation to account for these concerns, but the Editorial Office did not 
receive a satisfactory reply. The Editor apologizes to the readership for any 
inconvenience caused. [Oncology Reports 39: 977‑984, 2018; DOI: 
10.3892/or.2017.6156].

DOI: 10.3892/or.2024.8818
PMCID: PMC11465230
PMID: 39364733


5. Cell Death Differ. 2024 Nov;31(11):1576. doi: 10.1038/s41418-024-01387-2.

Retraction Note: Hypoxia-induced autophagy of stellate cells inhibits expression 
and secretion of lumican into microenvironment of pancreatic ductal 
adenocarcinoma.

Li X(1), Lee Y(2), Kang Y(1), Dai B(1), Perez MR(1), Pratt M(1), Koay EJ(2), Kim 
M(1), Brekken RA(3), Fleming JB(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Surgical Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX, USA.
(2)Division of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX, USA.
(3)Hamon Center of Therapeutic Oncology Research and Division of Surgical 
Oncology, Department of Surgery, University of Texas Southwestern Medical 
Center, Dallas, TX, USA.
(4)Department of Surgical Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX, USA. Jason.Fleming@moffitt.org.
(5)Department of Gastrointestinal Oncology, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, 
USA. Jason.Fleming@moffitt.org.

Retraction of
    Cell Death Differ. 2019 Jan;26(2):382-393. doi: 10.1038/s41418-018-0207-3.

DOI: 10.1038/s41418-024-01387-2
PMCID: PMC11520893
PMID: 39322749


6. Radiother Oncol. 2024 Sep 24;201:110543. doi: 10.1016/j.radonc.2024.110543. 
Online ahead of print.

Five-year results of the very accelerated partial breast irradiation VAPBI phase 
I-II GEC-ESTRO trial.

Guinot JL(1), Gutierrez-Miguelez C(2), Meszaros N(3), Gonzalez-Perez V(4), 
Santos MA(5), Najjari D(2), Slocker A(2), Major T(6), Polgar C(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Foundation Instituto Valenciano de 
Oncologia (IVO), Valencia, Spain. Electronic address: jguinot@fivo.org.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Catalan Institute of Oncology, Barcelona, 
Spain.
(3)Radiotherapy Centre, National Institute of Oncology, Budapest, Hungary; 
Department of Oncology, Semmelweis University, Budapest, Hungary.
(4)Department of Radiation Physics, Foundation Instituto Valenciano de Oncologia 
(IVO), Valencia, Spain.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Foundation Instituto Valenciano de 
Oncologia (IVO), Valencia, Spain.
(6)Radiotherapy Centre, National Institute of Oncology, Budapest, Hungary; 
Department of Oncology, Semmelweis University, Budapest, Hungary; National 
Institute of Oncology and National Tumor Biology Laboratory, Budapest, Hungary.

BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The standard partial breast postoperative treatment for 
early breast carcinomas with multi-catheter interstitial brachytherapy (MIBT) 
requires 7-8 fractions in 4-5 days as used in the APBI GEC-ESTRO phase III 
trial. In 2017 the GEC-ESTRO Breast Cancer Working Group started a Phase I-II 
trial to study if very accelerated partial breast irradiation (VAPBI) using 3-4 
fractions could be equivalent.
MATERIAL: 81 patients with low-risk invasive carcinomas underwent high dose rate 
MIBT. Mean age was 68 (51-90); 33 women received 4 fractions of 6.25 Gy in 
2-3 days, and 48 subsequent patients 3 fractions of 7.45 Gy in 2 days, 36 
perioperatively and 45 postoperatively.
RESULTS: Median follow-up was 62 months, with 5-year actuarial breast recurrence 
of 3.4 % (two cases). One patient died due to metastasis. Pigmentation changes 
in the entrance of tubes remained visible only in 12.3 % in long term (skin G1 
toxicity). Fibrosis or slight induration (G1) in 22.2 % and G2 in 9.9 %. No case 
of telangiectasia has been described. Cosmetic outcome is good or excellent in 
95 % and fair in 5 %. Four tumors located in the retroareolar area showed nipple 
retraction.
CONCLUSION: VAPBI with MIBT using four fractions of 6.25 Gy or three fractions 
of 7.45 Gy in two or three days offers good local control, with a 5-year rate of 
fibrosis G2 similar to the GEC ESTRO phase III trial. VAPBI in two days is a 
good choice to decrease the total time of treatment, which is beneficial for the 
patient and reduces the workload.

Copyright © 2024 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.radonc.2024.110543
PMID: 39321957

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors 
declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal 
relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this 
paper.


7. Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2024 Oct;31(48):58660. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-024-35110-y.

Retraction Note: Do clean energy technologies, ecotourism, health policy, and 
green education help in achieving sustainability in China?

Wang K(1), Yu W(2), Song X(3).

Author information:
(1)The First Affiliated Hospital of Hebei North University, Zhangjiakou City, 
Hebei Province, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Hebei North 
University, Zhangjiakou City, Hebei Province, China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Hebei North 
University, Zhangjiakou City, Hebei Province, China. congcongdad@163.com.

Retraction of
    Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2023 Oct;30(48):105954-105966. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-023-29680-6.

DOI: 10.1007/s11356-024-35110-y
PMID: 39307868


8. Int J Mol Med. 2024 Nov;54(5):97. doi: 10.3892/ijmm.2024.5421. Epub 2024 Sep 20.

[Retracted] Long non‑coding RNA SNHG3 promotes the development of non‑small cell 
lung cancer via the miR‑1343‑3p/NFIX pathway.

Zhao L(1), Song X(1), Guo Y(1), Ding N(1), Wang T(1), Huang L(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Jiangsu Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu Institute 
of Cancer Research, The Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Nanjing Medical 
University, Nanjing, Jiangsu 210009, P.R. China.

Retraction of
    Int J Mol Med. 2021 Aug;48(2):147. doi: 10.3892/ijmm.2021.4980.

Following the publication of this paper, it was drawn to the Editors' attention 
by a concerned reader that certain of the Transwell cell migration and invasion 
assay data shown in Fig. 3B were strikingly similar to data appearing in 
different form in a pair of other articles written by different authors at 
different research institutes, one of which had already been published elsewhere 
prior to the submission of this paper to International Journal of Molecular 
Medicine, and one of which was under consideration for publication at around the 
same time. In view of the fact that the abovementioned data had already 
apparently been published previously, the Editor of International Journal of 
Molecular Medicine has decided that this paper should be retracted from the 
Journal. The authors were asked for an explanation to account for these 
concerns, but the Editorial Office did not receive a satisfactory reply. The 
Editor apologizes to the readership for any inconvenience caused. [International 
Journal of Molecular Medicine 48: 147, 2021; DOI: 10.3892/ijmm.2021.4980].

DOI: 10.3892/ijmm.2024.5421
PMCID: PMC11410307
PMID: 39301649


9. Cancer Cell Int. 2024 Sep 18;24(1):320. doi: 10.1186/s12935-024-03508-w.

Retraction Note: Reversible inhibitor of CRM1 sensitizes glioblastoma cells to 
radiation by blocking the NF-κB signaling pathway.

Liu X(1)(2), Tu Y(1)(3), Wang Y(1), Zhou D(1), Chong Y(4), Shi L(1), Liu G(1), 
Zhang X(1)(2), Wu S(5), Li H(1), Gao S(1)(2), Niu M(1)(6), Yu R(7)(8).

Author information:
(1)Insititute of Nervous System Diseases, Affiliated Hospital of Xuzhou Medical 
University, Xuzhou Medical University, Xuzhou, Jiangsu, China.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Affiliated Hospital of Xuzhou Medical University, 
Xuzhou, Jiangsu, China.
(3)Department of Neurosurgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanjing Medical 
University, Nanjing, Jiangsu, China.
(4)Department of Neurosurgery, Suqian Hospital Affiliated to Xuzhou Medical 
University, Suqian, Jiangsu, China.
(5)College of Pharmacy, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA.
(6)Blood Diseases Institute, Xuzhou Medical University, Xuzhou, Jiangsu, China.
(7)Insititute of Nervous System Diseases, Affiliated Hospital of Xuzhou Medical 
University, Xuzhou Medical University, Xuzhou, Jiangsu, China. 
yu.rutong@163.com.
(8)Department of Neurosurgery, Affiliated Hospital of Xuzhou Medical University, 
Xuzhou, Jiangsu, China. yu.rutong@163.com.

Retraction of
    Cancer Cell Int. 2020 Mar 30;20:97. doi: 10.1186/s12935-020-01186-y.

DOI: 10.1186/s12935-024-03508-w
PMCID: PMC11412043
PMID: 39294636


10. Medicine (Baltimore). 2024 Sep 6;103(36):e39830. doi: 
10.1097/MD.0000000000039830.

Dosimetry study of Auto-VMAT planning and Manual-VMAT planning based on 
Pinnacle3 9.10 in radiotherapy for cervical cancer: Retraction.

[No authors listed]

DOI: 10.1097/MD.0000000000039830
PMID: 39252335 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


11. Medicine (Baltimore). 2024 Sep 6;103(36):e39829. doi: 
10.1097/MD.0000000000039829.

A study of different minimum segment area parameters on automatic IMRT plans for 
cervical cancer using Pinnacle3 9.10 TPS: Retraction.

[No authors listed]

DOI: 10.1097/MD.0000000000039829
PMID: 39252334 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


12. Res Pract Thromb Haemost. 2024 Jul 22;8(5):102524. doi: 
10.1016/j.rpth.2024.102524. eCollection 2024 Jul.

Transmembrane thiol isomerase TMX1 counterbalances the effect of ERp46 to 
inhibit platelet activation and integrin αIIbβ3 function.

Zhao Z(1), Cheng Y(1), Zhang Y(1), Peng M(1), Han Y(2), Wu D(2), Yang A(1), Wu 
Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Cyrus Tang Medical Institute, Collaborative Innovation Center of Hematology, 
State Key Laboratory of Radiation Medicine and Prevention, Soochow University, 
Suzhou, China.
(2)National Clinical Research Center for Hematologic Diseases, Jiangsu Institute 
of Hematology, Institute of Blood and Marrow Transplantation, Collaborative 
Innovation Center of Hematology, First Affiliated Hospital of Soochow 
University, Suzhou, China.

BACKGROUND: Previous studies have shown that thiol isomerases such as ERp46 
positively regulate platelet function by reducing integrin αIIbβ3 disulfides, 
and the transmembrane thiol isomerase TMX1 negatively regulates integrin αIIbβ3 
activation. However, whether and how the positive and negative thiol isomerases 
interact with each other and their interactions participate in platelet 
activation remain unknown.
OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether and how TMX1 regulates the effect of ERp46 on 
platelet function.
METHODS: Using ERp46- and TMX1-deficient platelets, anti-TMX1 antibody, and 
wild-type TMX1 (TMX1-CPAC, TMX1-SS) and inactive TMX1 (TMX1-SPAS, TMX1-OO) 
proteins, we studied the antagonistic effect of TMX1 on ERp46 in platelet 
aggregation, clot retraction, and integrin αIIbβ3 signaling. The underlying 
mechanisms were further determined using thiol labeling, reductase activity, and 
other assays.
RESULTS: Anti-TMX1 antibody and TMX1-OO reversed the decreased aggregation of 
ERp46-deficient platelets induced by thrombin, convulxin, and U46619. Anti-TMX1 
antibody reversed the attenuated integrin αIIbβ3 function of ERp46-deficient 
platelets. TMX1 inhibited ERp46 reductase activity in a concentration-dependent 
manner. TMX1 oxidized thiols of ERp46 and those of integrin αIIbβ3 generated by 
ERp46. Moreover, TMX1 deficiency increased free thiols of ERp46 in platelets, 
which was reversed by the addition of wild-type TMX1 protein. Besides, anti-TMX1 
antibody increased free thiols of ERp46 in wild-type activated platelets.
CONCLUSION: TMX1 not only oxidizes integrin αIIbβ3 disulfides that are reduced 
by ERp46 but also directly oxidizes ERp46 to suppress its reduction of integrin 
αIIbβ3. Thus, TMX1 is critical for maintaining platelets in a quiescent state 
and counterbalancing the effect of ERp46 to prevent platelet overactivation.

© 2024 The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1016/j.rpth.2024.102524
PMCID: PMC11378175
PMID: 39247212


13. Gene Ther. 2024 Sep 6. doi: 10.1038/s41434-024-00486-6. Online ahead of print.

Retraction Note: miR-503-5p inhibits colon cancer tumorigenesis, angiogenesis, 
and lymphangiogenesis by directly downregulating VEGF-A.

Wei L(1), Sun C(2), Zhang Y(2), Han N(2), Sun S(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Cancer Hospital of China Medical University, 
Liaoning Cancer Hospital & Institute, No.44 Xiaoheyan Road, Dadong District, 
Shenyang, 110042, Liaoning, China. weilinlin_lnszl@126.com.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Cancer Hospital of China Medical University, 
Liaoning Cancer Hospital & Institute, No.44 Xiaoheyan Road, Dadong District, 
Shenyang, 110042, Liaoning, China.

Retraction of
    Gene Ther. 2022 Feb;29(1-2):28-40. doi: 10.1038/s41434-020-0167-3.

DOI: 10.1038/s41434-024-00486-6
PMID: 39242912


14. J Neurol Surg Rep. 2024 Aug 30;85(3):e138-e143. doi: 10.1055/a-2376-7197. 
eCollection 2024 Jul.

Profound Pneumocephalus and Low-Pressure Hydrocephalus Triggered by 
Ventriculoperitoneal Shunt Placement after Resection, Fat Graft Reconstruction, 
and Radiotherapy for a Malignant Skull Base Schwannoma.

Stevens B(1), Bialek S(1), Zhao K(1), Maqusi S(2), Rassi EE(3), Tan J(4), 
Graffeo CS(1).

Author information:
(1)Departments of Neurosurgery, University of Oklahoma, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, 
United States.
(2)Departments of Plastic Surgery, University of Oklahoma, Oklahoma City, 
Oklahoma, United States.
(3)Departments of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, University of Oklahoma, 
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States.
(4)Dean McGee Eye Institute, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States.

Background  Tension pneumocephalus is a rare postoperative complication, 
typically presenting with mental status changes or rapid neurological decline 
after craniotomy. We report a complex case of tension pneumocephalus triggered 
by graft retraction after ventriculoperitoneal (VP) shunt placement. Case 
History  A 39-year-old woman with a recurrent left trigeminal cavernous sinus 
schwannoma, status post one prior resection, two stereotactic radiosurgery 
treatments, and one course of fractionated radiotherapy, underwent radical 
resection with orbital exenteration and abdominal fat free graft reconstruction 
followed by adjuvant radiotherapy for malignant transformation. She developed 
subacute ventriculomegaly with altered mental status, prompting VP shunt 
placement. Three weeks later, she presented with profound pneumocephalus and 
intraventricular air originating from a large, left-sided sphenoid and maxillary 
defect, from which the fat graft had retracted. A right frontal external 
ventricular drain (EVD) was placed, resulting in immediate release of air under 
high pressure. Definitive treatment required skull base reconstruction with a 
latissimus dorsi free flap, contralateral nasoseptal flap, antibiotics, and VP 
shunt revision for treatment of combined cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leak, 
pneumocephalus, ventriculitis, and low-pressure hydrocephalus. As of her last 
follow-up, she was restored to her initial postresection neurological baseline. 
Conclusion  Tension pneumocephalus is a rare and life-threatening emergency that 
requires immediate neurosurgical intervention. We report the index case of 
tension pneumocephalus induced by graft retraction following radiotherapy and 
CSF diversion. Where observed, tension pneumocephalus resulting from a skull 
base CSF leak may be associated with low-pressure hydrocephalus, and successful 
long-term management demands balancing the need for CSF diversion against the 
integrity of the skull base reconstruction.

The Author(s). This is an open access article published by Thieme under the 
terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonDerivative-NonCommercial License, 
permitting copying and reproduction so long as the original work is given 
appropriate credit. Contents may not be used for commercial purposes, or 
adapted, remixed, transformed or built upon. ( 
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/ ).

DOI: 10.1055/a-2376-7197
PMCID: PMC11364467
PMID: 39220674

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest None declared.


15. J Exp Clin Cancer Res. 2024 Aug 30;43(1):246. doi: 10.1186/s13046-024-03171-z.

Retraction Note: HOXD9 promotes epithelial-mesenchymal transition and cancer 
metastasis by ZEB1 regulation in hepatocellular carcinoma.

Lv X(#)(1), Li L(#)(2), Lv L(3), Qu X(4), Jin S(5), Li K(5), Deng X(6), Cheng 
L(5), He H(5), Dong L(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, First Affiliated Hospital, Dalian Medical 
University, Dalian, 116001, China.
(2)Department of the 4th Internal Medical, Liaoning Cancer Hospital & Institute, 
Shenyang, 110042, China.
(3)Department of Pathology, Second Affiliated Hospital of Dalian Medical 
University, Dalian, 116027, China.
(4)Department of Second Neurology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Dalian 
Medical University, Dalian, 116001, China.
(5)Department of Laparoscopic Surgery, First Affiliated Hospital of Dalian 
Medical University, Dalian, 116001, China.
(6)Department of Radiation Oncology, First Affiliated Hospital of Dalian Medical 
University, Dalian, 116001, China.
(7)Department of Laparoscopic Surgery, First Affiliated Hospital of Dalian 
Medical University, Dalian, 116001, China. dlleidong@126.com.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction of
    J Exp Clin Cancer Res. 2015 Oct 29;34:133. doi: 10.1186/s13046-015-0245-3.

DOI: 10.1186/s13046-024-03171-z
PMCID: PMC11363429
PMID: 39210426


16. J Korean Med Sci. 2024 Aug 26;39(33):e249. doi: 10.3346/jkms.2024.39.e249.

Publication Ethics in the Era of Artificial Intelligence.

Kocak Z(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Trakya University School of Medicine, 
Edirne, Türkiye. zaferkocak12@gmail.com.

The application of new technologies, such as artificial intelligence (AI), to 
science affects the way and methodology in which research is conducted. While 
the responsible use of AI brings many innovations and benefits to science and 
humanity, its unethical use poses a serious threat to scientific integrity and 
literature. Even in the absence of malicious use, the Chatbot output itself, as 
a software application based on AI, carries the risk of containing biases, 
distortions, irrelevancies, misrepresentations and plagiarism. Therefore, the 
use of complex AI algorithms raises concerns about bias, transparency and 
accountability, requiring the development of new ethical rules to protect 
scientific integrity. Unfortunately, the development and writing of ethical 
codes cannot keep up with the pace of development and implementation of 
technology. The main purpose of this narrative review is to inform readers, 
authors, reviewers and editors about new approaches to publication ethics in the 
era of AI. It specifically focuses on tips on how to disclose the use of AI in 
your manuscript, how to avoid publishing entirely AI-generated text, and current 
standards for retraction.

© 2024 The Korean Academy of Medical Sciences.

DOI: 10.3346/jkms.2024.39.e249
PMCID: PMC11347185
PMID: 39189714 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The author has no potential conflicts of 
interest to disclose.


17. Sci Rep. 2024 Aug 16;14(1):19001. doi: 10.1038/s41598-024-69872-9.

3D printed UV-sensing optical fiber probes: manufacturing, properties, and 
performance.

Chekkaramkodi D(1), Ahmed I(2), Jacob L(2), Butt H(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Mechanical and Nuclear Engineering, Khalifa University of 
Science and Technology, Abu Dhabi, 127788, United Arab Emirates. 
100062607@ku.ac.ae.
(2)Department of Mechanical and Nuclear Engineering, Khalifa University of 
Science and Technology, Abu Dhabi, 127788, United Arab Emirates.
(3)Department of Mechanical and Nuclear Engineering, Khalifa University of 
Science and Technology, Abu Dhabi, 127788, United Arab Emirates. 
haider.butt@ku.ac.ae.

UV sensing 3D printed optical fiber hydrogels provide a flexible and precise 
method of remotely of detecting exposure to UV radiations. The optical fibers 
were created using digital light processing 3D printing technique with hydrogel 
composites, including micro-sized photochromic dyes (pink, blue and their 
combination). When exposed to ultraviolet (UV) radiation, these dyes exhibited 
specific absorption characteristics, resulting in significant decreases in both 
reflection and transmittance mode spectra at 560 nm, 620 nm, and 590 nm. Optical 
fibers of lengths 1, 2, and 3 cm were manufactured in two orientations: vertical 
and horizontal. Scanning electron microscopy, Fourier transform infrared 
spectroscopy, and X-ray diffraction were utilized to characterize the printed 
fiber probes. The optical performance of the fibers was tested using 
customized measurement setups. The reflection and transmission of the printed 
fibers reduced as the length increased due to optical losses. Reflection and 
transmisson loss of 20-40% can be observed when the length is increased from 1 
to 3 cm. The maximum loss in reflection is observed for pink fiber in the 
presence of UV irradiation. Also, the type of powder used impacted the response 
and retraction time, whereas the mixed fiber showed the highest response time of 
12-20 s under various conditions. The pink dye added fiber probes shows quick 
response to UV radiation. An increase in the response time is observed with 
increasing fiber length. The impact of printing orientation on the transmission 
and reflectance mode operations of optical fibers was assessed. In addition, the 
stability of the fiber probes are assesed using a green laser having wavelength 
532 nm. This work comprehensively examines the optical properties, manufacturing 
procedures, and sensing capacities of UV-sensitive photochromic optical fiber 
sensors.

© 2024. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-024-69872-9
PMCID: PMC11329506
PMID: 39152177

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


18. Eur J Pharmacol. 2024 Oct 5;980:176809. doi: 10.1016/j.ejphar.2024.176809. Epub 
2024 Aug 14.

Retraction notice to "Enhancement of resistance to chemo-radiation by 
hsa-miR-1290 expression in glioblastoma cells" [Eur. J. Pharmacol. 880 (2020) 
173144].

Khalighfard S(1), Kalhori MR(2), Haddad P(3), Khori V(4), MohammadAlizadeh A(5).

Author information:
(1)Radiation Oncology Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran; Breast Disease Research Center, Tehran University of Medical 
Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(2)Medical Biology Research Center, Kermanshah University of Medical Sciences, 
Kermanshah, Iran.
(3)Radiation Oncology Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran.
(4)Ischemic Disorders Research Center, Golestan University of Medical Sciences, 
Gorgan, Iran.
(5)Breast Disease Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran; Cancer Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran.

Retraction of
    Eur J Pharmacol. 1998 Jan 19;342(1):67-76. doi: 
10.1016/s0014-2999(97)01417-9.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ejphar.2024.176809
PMID: 39147690


19. Ann Hepatobiliary Pancreat Surg. 2024 Aug 5. doi: 10.14701/ahbps.24-101. Online 
ahead of print.

Liver transplantation for organ failure following multiple locoregional 
treatments for breast cancer metastasis.

Berardi G(1), Giannelli V(2), Colasanti M(1), Cianni R(3), Meniconi R(1), 
Guglielmo N(1), Ferretti S(1), Di Cesare L(1), Pellicelli A(2), Ventroni G(4), 
Cortesi E(5), Ettorre GM(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of General, Hepatobiliary and Pancreatic Surgery, Liver 
Transplantation Service, San Camillo Forlanini Hospital, Rome, Italy.
(2)Department of Hepatology, San Camillo Forlanini Hospital, Rome, Italy.
(3)Department of Interventional Radiology, San Camillo Forlanini Hospital, Rome, 
Italy.
(4)Department of Nuclear Medicine, San Camillo Forlanini Hospital, Rome, Italy.
(5)Department of Oncology, Sapienza University of Rome, Rome, Italy.

Patients with nonresectable breast cancer liver metastasis (BCLM) face a dismal 
prognosis. Despite liver transplantation (LT) for metastatic liver tumors having 
recently shown good results, BCLM represents an absolute contraindication. This 
study aimed to investigate the potential for long-term survival after LT for 
BCLMs in a patient experiencing end-stage liver disease, following multiple 
oncologic treatments. In July 2019, we performed a deceased donor LT on a 
41-year-old female with BCLM controlled with human epidermal growth factor 
receptor 2 targeted therapy, who developed liver failure following multiple 
locoregional liver-directed treatments. The primary tumor was treated with 
surgical resection and adjuvant chemoradiation in 2000. The procedure was 
performed under a protocol approved by the local ethical committee, and by the 
Italian National Transplant Center. A 12-month treatment with trastuzumab was 
performed immediately after LT. Immunosuppression following transplantation was 
undertaken without steroids, and with everolimus. The patient completed 12 
months of follow-up without recurrence. Trastuzumab was then withdrawn. Fifteen 
months after LT, a liver recurrence occurred that was treated with chemotherapy. 
In October 2021, she developed 2 brain lesions that were treated with 
stereotactic radiation. The patient is still alive, with a positron emission 
tomography/computed tomography performed in January 2024 showing no disease. LT 
for this patient with BCLM of extreme selectivity showed a good clinical 
outcome. Perioperative systemic treatment and tumor control are necessary. A 
specific protocol should be discussed within a multidisciplinary team, and with 
local and national authorities. Even if tumor recurrence occurs, multimodal 
therapy can control the disease.

DOI: 10.14701/ahbps.24-101
PMID: 39099099


20. Rev Med Chil. 2023 Aug;151(8):1093-1098. doi: 10.4067/s0034-98872023000801093.

[A successful multidisciplinary approach to a recurrent ischiorectal fossa 
sarcoma].

[Article in Spanish]

Iglesias B A(1), Moreno M D(1), Chacón D É(1), Rodríguez A JR(2), Larach K 
JT(1).

Author information:
(1)Departamento de Cirugía Digestiva, Facultad de Medicina, Pontificia 
Universidad Católica de Chile, Santiago, Chile.
(2)Departamento de Cirugía Plástica, Facultad de Medicina, Pontificia 
Universidad Católica de Chile, Santiago, Chile.

Ischiorectal fossa tumors are rare lesions, mostly described in case reports or 
case series. These lesions represent a diagnostic and therapeutic challenge. 
Hence, an appropriate preoperative study and multidisciplinary discussion are 
essential to achieve good oncologic and functional results. We report a case of 
a 73-year-old male operated on five years before in another health center due to 
the diagnosis of a left gluteal tumor. The lesion was excised, and biopsies 
confirmed a high-grade epithelioid sarcoma with a close margin, requiring a 
subsequent wider excision of the surgical margins. The patient received adjuvant 
radiotherapy. After four years of follow-up, the patient developed mild pain 
with skin retraction around the former incision. A local recurrence was 
diagnosed by imaging. In a multidisciplinary team meeting, a decision to resect 
the lesion with preservation of the anus and the pelvic floor was taken. The 
patient underwent a laparoscopic defunctioning loop ileostomy and a resection of 
the recurrent tumor in the ischiorectal fossa with preservation of the anal 
sphincter. The defect was covered utilizing a superior gluteal artery perforator 
flap and a partial gluteus maximus muscle rotation. The tumor was completely 
excised with negative margins. The patient was discharged without complications 
after 25 days due to flap management. After one year of follow-up, the patient 
is recurrence-free, and the ileostomy was closed.

DOI: 10.4067/s0034-98872023000801093
PMID: 39093202 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


21. Curr Probl Cardiol. 2024 Oct;49(10):102751. doi: 
10.1016/j.cpcardiol.2024.102751. Epub 2024 Jul 30.

Effects of exercises on cardiopulmonary function for patients' with breast 
cancer undergoing chemotherapy treatment.

Naif S(1), Hassan HS(2).

Author information:
(1)Acadmic Nurse Ministry of Health /Al-Diwaniyah Teaching Hospital, Iraq. 
Electronic address: Sajjad.abd2202m@conursing.uobaghdad.edu.iq.
(2)Adult Nursing Department, College of Nursing, University of Baghdad, Iraq.

DOI: 10.1016/j.cpcardiol.2024.102751
PMID: 39089411 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors 
declare that they have no conflicts of interest or financial disclosures to 
report regarding the publication of this manuscript. The study was conducted 
independently, and no funding or sponsorship was received from any external 
sources. All authors contributed equally to the conceptualization, design, data 
collection, analysis, and interpretation of the study. The manuscript was 
prepared and reviewed by all authors, who have approved the final version for 
submission. The study adhered to the ethical principles outlined in the 
Declaration of Helsinki, and all participants provided informed consent prior to 
their inclusion in the study. The study was approved by the Institutional Review 
Board of the University of Baghdad. The authors affirm that the manuscript is 
original and has not been published or submitted for publication elsewhere. The 
authors also agree to provide retractions or corrections of any mistakes or 
errors identified in the manuscript. In conclusion, the authors declare that 
they have no conflicts of interest or financial disclosures to report regarding 
the publication of this manuscript.


22. Cureus. 2024 Jun 30;16(6):e63499. doi: 10.7759/cureus.63499. eCollection 2024 
Jun.

Chest Wall Synovial Sarcoma: A Unique Encounter at the Breast Base.

Idrees RB(1), Malik M(2), Malik F(1), Rehman B(1), Sarwar T(1), Mustansar A(1), 
Chaudhary MH(3).

Author information:
(1)Radiology, Institute of Nuclear Medicine and Oncology Lahore (INMOL) Cancer 
Hospital Lahore, Lahore, PAK.
(2)Radiology, Atomic Energy Cancer Hospital, Nuclear Medicine, Oncology and 
Radiotherapy Institute (NORI), Islamabad, PAK.
(3)Cardiac Surgery, Chaudhry Pervaiz Elahi Institute of Cardiology, Multan, PAK.

Synovial sarcomas most commonly arise in the para-articular locations of the 
extremities, such as the upper limbs, thigh, knee, ankle, and foot. Thoracic 
synovial sarcomas are a rare entity that can arise in the chest wall, pleura, 
lung, heart, or mediastinum. We present a case of a 23-year-old female with a 
complaint of swelling of the left breast. Examination demonstrated an enlarged 
left breast and a hard-fixed swelling without overlying skin changes or nipple 
retraction. Ultrasound showed a well-defined, solid-appearing lesion deep in the 
left breast parenchyma, which was adherent to the underlying left chest wall 
musculature and seemed to be displacing the breast parenchyma anteriorly. 
Contrast-enhanced computed tomography (CECT) and magnetic resonance imaging 
(MRI) confirmed the lesion centered at the left pectoralis major and minor 
muscles, confirming the chest wall's origin. Histopathology findings favored 
monophasic synovial sarcoma.

Copyright © 2024, Idrees et al.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.63499
PMCID: PMC11287489
PMID: 39081450

Conflict of interest statement: Human subjects: Consent was obtained or waived 
by all participants in this study. Ethical Committee/Instituitional Review Board 
INMOL Cancer Hospital Lahore issued approval INMOL-53 (21). Conflicts of 
interest: In compliance with the ICMJE uniform disclosure form, all authors 
declare the following: Payment/services info: All authors have declared that no 
financial support was received from any organization for the submitted work. 
Financial relationships: All authors have declared that they have no financial 
relationships at present or within the previous three years with any 
organizations that might have an interest in the submitted work. Other 
relationships: All authors have declared that there are no other relationships 
or activities that could appear to have influenced the submitted work.


23. Int J Mol Sci. 2024 Jul 21;25(14):7971. doi: 10.3390/ijms25147971.

Advancing Cardiovascular Drug Screening Using Human Pluripotent Stem 
Cell-Derived Cardiomyocytes.

Oh J(1), Kwon OB(1), Park SW(2), Kim JW(1), Lee H(1), Kim YK(1), Choi 
EJ(3)(4)(5), Jung H(3)(4)(5), Choi DK(6), Oh BJ(1), Min SH(7).

Author information:
(1)New Drug Development Center, Daegu-Gyeongbuk Medical Innovation Foundation 
(K-MEDI Hub), Daegu 41061, Republic of Korea.
(2)Department of Oral Biochemistry, School of Dentistry, Chonnam National 
University, Gwangju 61186, Republic of Korea.
(3)Aging Convergence Research Center, Korea Research Institute of Bioscience and 
Biotechnology (KRIBB), Daejeon 34141, Republic of Korea.
(4)Immunotherapy Research Center, Korea Research Institute of Bioscience and 
Biotechnology (KRIBB), Daejeon 34141, Republic of Korea.
(5)Department of Functional Genomics, Korea University of Science and Technology 
(UST), Daejeon 34113, Republic of Korea.
(6)School of Life Science and Biotechnology, BK21 FOUR KNU Creative BioResearch 
Group, Kyungpook National University, Daegu 41566, Republic of Korea.
(7)Department of Innovative Pharmaceutical Sciences, Kyungpook National 
University, Daegu 41566, Republic of Korea.

Human pluripotent stem cell-derived cardiomyocytes (hPSC-CMs) have emerged as a 
promising tool for studying cardiac physiology and drug responses. However, 
their use is largely limited by an immature phenotype and lack of 
high-throughput analytical methodology. In this study, we developed a 
high-throughput testing platform utilizing hPSC-CMs to assess the cardiotoxicity 
and effectiveness of drugs. Following an optimized differentiation and 
maturation protocol, hPSC-CMs exhibited mature CM morphology, phenotype, and 
functionality, making them suitable for drug testing applications. We monitored 
intracellular calcium dynamics using calcium imaging techniques to measure 
spontaneous calcium oscillations in hPSC-CMs in the presence or absence of test 
compounds. For the cardiotoxicity test, hPSC-CMs were treated with various 
compounds, and calcium flux was measured to evaluate their effects on calcium 
dynamics. We found that cardiotoxic drugs withdrawn due to adverse drug 
reactions, including encainide, mibefradil, and cetirizine, exhibited toxicity 
in hPSC-CMs but not in HEK293-hERG cells. Additionally, in the effectiveness 
test, hPSC-CMs were exposed to ATX-II, a sodium current inducer for mimicking 
long QT syndrome type 3, followed by exposure to test compounds. The observed 
changes in calcium dynamics following drug exposure demonstrated the utility of 
hPSC-CMs as a versatile model system for assessing both cardiotoxicity and drug 
efficacy. Overall, our findings highlight the potential of hPSC-CMs in advancing 
drug discovery and development, which offer a physiologically relevant platform 
for the preclinical screening of novel therapeutics.

DOI: 10.3390/ijms25147971
PMCID: PMC11277421
PMID: 39063213 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


24. Photobiomodul Photomed Laser Surg. 2024 Aug;42(8):524-533. doi: 
10.1089/pho.2024.0042. Epub 2024 Jul 26.

Neuroprotective Potential of Photobiomodulation Therapy: Mitigating Amyloid-Beta 
Accumulation and Modulating Acetylcholine Levels in an In Vitro Model of 
Alzheimer's Disease.

Thammasart S(1), Namchaiw P(1)(2), Pasuwat K(1)(3), Tonsomboon K(4), 
Khantachawana A(1)(5).

Author information:
(1)Biological Engineering Program, Faculty of Engineering, King Mongkut's 
University of Technology Thonburi (KMUTT), Bangkok, Thailand.
(2)Neuroscience Center for Research and Innovation, Learning Institute, King 
Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi (KMUTT), Bangkok, Thailand.
(3)Department of Chemical Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, King Mongkut's 
University of Technology Thonburi (KMUTT), Bangkok, Thailand.
(4)National Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology (BIOTEC), National 
Science and Technology Development Agency (NSTDA), Pathum Thani, Thailand.
(5)Department of Mechanical Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, King Mongkut's 
University of Technology Thonburi (KMUTT), Bangkok, Thailand.

Objective: To investigate the effects of photobiomodulation therapy (PBMT) at 
660 and 810 nm on amyloid-beta (Aβ)42-induced toxicity in differentiated SH-SY5Y 
cells and to assess its impact on Aβ42 accumulation and cholinergic 
neurotransmission. Background: Alzheimer's disease (AD) is characterized by the 
accumulation of Aβ peptides, leading to neurodegeneration, cholinergic deficit, 
and cognitive decline. PBMT has emerged as a potential therapeutic approach to 
mitigate Aβ-induced toxicity and enhance cholinergic function. Methods: 
Differentiated neurons were treated with 1 μM Aβ42 for 1 day, followed by daily 
PBMT at wavelengths of 660 and 810 nm for 7 days. Treatments used LEDs emitting 
continuous wave light at a power density of 5 mW/cm2 for 10 min daily to achieve 
an energy density of 3 J/cm2. Results: Differentiated SH-SY5Y cells exhibited 
increased Aβ42 aggregation, neurite retraction, and reduced cell viability. PBMT 
at 810 nm significantly mitigated the Aβ42-induced toxicity in these cells, as 
evidenced by reduced Aβ42 aggregation, neurite retraction, and improved cell 
viability and neuronal morphology. Notably, this treatment also restored 
acetylcholine levels in the neurons exposed to Aβ42. Conclusions: PBMT at 810 nm 
effectively reduces Aβ42-induced toxicity and supports neuronal survival, 
highlighting its neuroprotective effects on cholinergic neurons. By shedding 
light on the impact of low-level light therapy on Aβ42 accumulation and cellular 
processes. These findings advocate for further research to elucidate the 
mechanisms of PBMT and validate its clinical relevance in AD management.

DOI: 10.1089/pho.2024.0042
PMID: 39058735 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


25. J Chem Neuroanat. 2024 Sep;139:102444. doi: 10.1016/j.jchemneu.2024.102444. Epub 
2024 Jul 25.

Retraction notice to the effects of myricitrin and chebulinic acid on the rat 
hippocampusexposed to gamma radiation: A stereological, histochemical 
andbiochemical study J. Chem. Neuroanat. Volume 132, October 2023, 102305.

Sümeyye Gümüs U(1), Altunkaynak BZ(2), Is IA(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Histology and Embryology, Faculty of Medicine, Ondokuz Mayıs 
University, Samsun, Turkey.
(2)Department of Histology and Embryology, Faculty of Medicine, Istanbul Okan 
University, Istanbul, Turkey.
(3)Department of Basic Medical Sciences, Faculty of Dentistry, Nevs¸ehir Hacı 
Bektas¸ Veli University, Nevs¸ehir, Turkey.

Retraction of
    J Chem Neuroanat. 2023 Oct;132:102305. doi: 10.1016/j.jchemneu.2023.102305.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jchemneu.2024.102444
PMID: 39054201


26. Semin Nucl Med. 2024 Jul;54(4):513-529. doi: 10.1053/j.semnuclmed.2024.06.002. 
Epub 2024 Jul 16.

The Rebirth of Radioimmunotherapy of Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma: The Phoenix of 
Nuclear Medicine?

Wahl RL(1), Kahl B(2).

Author information:
(1)Mallinckrodt Institute of Radiology, Department of Radiology and Radiation 
Oncology, Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis. Electronic 
address: rwahl@wustl.edu.
(2)Mallinckrodt Institute of Radiology, Department of Radiology and Radiation 
Oncology, Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis; Department of 
Internal Medicine, Division of Hematology and Oncology, Washington University 
School of Medicine in St. Louis.

In Greek mythology, The Phoenix is an immortal bird that dies, but then achieves 
new life by rising from the ashes of its predecessor. Radioimmunotherapy (RIT) 
of B-cell Non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) is a field which once began to fly 
high-with FDA approval of the anti-CD20 RITs Zevalin® and Bexxar® in 2002 and 
2003 respectively, as safe and effective therapies of NHL. However, despite 
their therapeutic efficacy, Bexxar® was withdrawn from the market by the 
manufacturer in 2014 due to limited commercial demand and Zevalin® has had very 
limited to no availability of late. I-131 rituximab is used to a limited extent 
in Australia, India and other countries, as well. But has RIT of NHL been 
(perhaps prematurely) left for dead by many? Given the current great clinical 
and commercial interest in radiopharmaceutical therapies of cancer, notably PSMA 
and SSTR targeting agents in prostate and neuroendocrine cancers, can 
radioimmunotherapy of NHL-like the mythical Phoenix-now rise from its ashes in 
an even better form to fly higher, faster, farther and longer than before?

Copyright © 2024 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1053/j.semnuclmed.2024.06.002
PMID: 39019652 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors 
declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal 
relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this 
paper.


27. Small. 2024 Aug;20(35):e2404508. doi: 10.1002/smll.202404508. Epub 2024 Jul 15.

Volcanic Eruption in the Nanoworld: Efficient Oxygen Exchange at the Si/SnO(2) 
Interface.

Liu P(1)(2), Makarova A(3), Freiberg K(4), Grinter DC(5), Sharma D(1)(2), Ferrer 
P(5), Chuvenkova O(6), Deckert-Gaudig T(1)(2), Turishchev S(6), Lippmann 
S(4)(7), Sivakov V(1).

Author information:
(1)Leibniz Institute of Photonic Technology, Department Functional Interfaces, 
Albert-Einstein Str. 9, 07745, Jena, Germany.
(2)Friedrich Schiller University Jena, Institute of Physical Chemistry, 
Helmholtzweg 4, 07743, Jena, Germany.
(3)Free University Berlin, Institute of Chemistry and Biochemistry, Physical 
Chemistry, Arnimallee 22, 14195, Berlin, Germany.
(4)Friedrich Schiller University Jena, Otto Schott Institute of Materials 
Research, Löbdergraben 32, 07743, Jena, Germany.
(5)Diamond Light Source, Harwell Science and Innovation Campus, Didcot, OX11 
0DE, UK.
(6)Voronezh State University, Physics Faculty, General Physics Department, 
Universitetskaya pl.1, Voronezh, 394018, Russian Federation.
(7)Friedrich Schiller University Jena, Institute of Applied Physics, 
Albert-Einstein Str. 15, 07745, Jena, Germany.

Here, a phenomenon of efficient oxygen exchange between a silicon surface and a 
thin layer of tin dioxide during chemical vapor deposition is presented, which 
leads to a unique Sn:SiO2 layer. Under thermodynamic conditions in the 
temperature range of 725-735 °C, the formation of nanostructures with 
volcano-like shapes in "active" and "dormant" states are observed. Extensive 
characterization techniques, such as electron microscopy, X-ray diffraction, 
synchrotron radiation-based X-ray photoelectron, and X-ray absorption near-edge 
structure spectroscopy, are applied to study the formation. The mechanism is 
related to the oxygen retraction between tin(IV) oxide and silicon surface, 
leading to the thermodynamically unstable tin(II)oxide, which is immediately 
disproportionate to metallic Sn and SnO2 localized in the SiO2 matrix. The 
diffusion of metallic tin in the amorphous silicon oxide matrix leads to larger 
agglomerates of nanoparticles, which is similar to the formation of a magma 
chamber during the natural volcanic processes followed by magma eruption, which 
here is associated with the formation of depressions on the surface filled with 
metallic tin particles. This new effect contributes a new approach to the 
formation of functional composites but also inspires the development of unique 
Sn:SiO2 nanostructures for diverse application scenarios, such as thermal energy 
storage.

© 2024 Wiley‐VCH GmbH.

DOI: 10.1002/smll.202404508
PMID: 39007250


28. Cancer Cell Int. 2024 Jul 14;24(1):245. doi: 10.1186/s12935-024-03431-0.

Retraction Note: LncRNA LINC00337 sponges mir-1285-3p to promote proliferation 
and metastasis of lung adenocarcinoma cells by upregulating YTHDF1.

Zhang RN(1), Wu DM(2), Wu LP(2), Gao GW(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Xinxiang Central Hospital, No.56 Jinsui 
Road, Xinxiang, Henan, 453000, People's Republic of China. wdjzz95@163.com.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Xinxiang Central Hospital, No.56 Jinsui 
Road, Xinxiang, Henan, 453000, People's Republic of China.

Retraction of
    Cancer Cell Int. 2021 Oct 18;21(1):550. doi: 10.1186/s12935-021-02253-8.

DOI: 10.1186/s12935-024-03431-0
PMCID: PMC11247831
PMID: 39004724


29. Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2024 Jul;31(33):46136. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-024-34378-4.

Retraction Note: Amelioration of thioacetamide-induced hepatic encephalopathy in 
rats by low-dose gamma irradiation.

El-Ghazaly MAE(1), Rashed ER(1), Shafey GM(2), Zaki HF(3), Attia AS(3).

Author information:
(1)Drug Radiation Research Department, National Centre for Radiation Research 
and Technology, Atomic Energy Authority, PO box 29, Nasr City, 11787, Cairo, 
Egypt.
(2)Drug Radiation Research Department, National Centre for Radiation Research 
and Technology, Atomic Energy Authority, PO box 29, Nasr City, 11787, Cairo, 
Egypt. ghada.shafey@gmail.com.
(3)Pharmacology and Toxicology Department, Faculty of Pharmacy, Cairo 
University, Cairo, Egypt.

Retraction of
    Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2020 Jan;27(1):334-343. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-019-06934-w.

DOI: 10.1007/s11356-024-34378-4
PMID: 39002085


30. Recent Pat Anticancer Drug Discov. 2024 Jul 11. doi: 
10.2174/0115748928282936240530105434. Online ahead of print.

Withdrawn: Fumarate-1 Mediates the Regulation of Mitochondrial Homeostasis by 
PGC-1α to Promote Cell Pyroptosis and Inhibit the Thyroid Cancer.

Meng X(1), You D(2), Ren R(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Endocrinology, Yuhuangding Hospital, Yantai, 264000, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Yuhuangding Hospital, Yantai, 264000, China.

Since the authors are not responding to the editor’s requests to fulfill the 
editorial requirement, therefore, the article has been withdrawn. Bentham 
Science apologizes to the readers of the journal for any inconvenience this may 
have caused. The Bentham Editorial Policy on Article Withdrawal can be found at 
https://benthamscience.com/editorial-policies-main.php.
BENTHAM SCIENCE DISCLAIMER: It is a condition of publication that manuscripts 
submitted to this journal have not been published and will not be simultaneously 
submitted or published elsewhere. Furthermore, any data, illustration, structure 
or table that has been published elsewhere must be reported, and copyright 
permission for reproduction must be obtained. Plagiarism is strictly forbidden, 
and by submitting the article for publication the authors agree that the 
publishers have the legal right to take appropriate action against the authors, 
if plagiarism or fabricated information is discovered. By submitting a 
manuscript the authors agree that the copyright of their article is transferred 
to the publishers if and when the article is accepted for publication.

Copyright© Bentham Science Publishers; For any queries, please email at 
epub@benthamscience.net.

DOI: 10.2174/0115748928282936240530105434
PMID: 38994621


31. Transl Cancer Res. 2024 Jun 30;13(6):3181. doi: 10.21037/tcr-2024-3. Epub 2024 
Jun 13.

Retraction: inhibitory effect of lovastatin on human lung cancer cell 
proliferation by regulating the ERK1/2 and COX-2 pathways.

Liu S(#)(1), Yang P(#)(1), Wang M(#)(1), Zhang S(1), Wang J(2), Pan T(1), Zhou 
P(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Hainan Medical 
University, Haikou, China.
(2)Department of Respiratory Diseases, The First Affiliated Hospital of Hainan 
Medical University, Haikou, China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction of
    Transl Cancer Res. 2022 Apr;11(4):813-822. doi: 10.21037/tcr-22-346.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.21037/tcr-22-346.].

2024 Translational Cancer Research. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.21037/tcr-2024-3
PMCID: PMC11231770
PMID: 38988933

Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: All authors have 
completed the ICMJE uniform disclosure form (available at 
https://tcr.amegroups.com/article/view/10.21037/tcr-2024-3/coif). The authors 
have no conflicts of interest to declare.


32. Sci Rep. 2024 Jul 10;14(1):15955. doi: 10.1038/s41598-024-66666-x.

Retraction Note: Biological interactions between micro swimmers and cross fluid 
with inclined MHD effects in a complex wavy canal.

Ayub A(1)(2), Shah SZH(1), Asjad MI(3), Almusawa MY(4), Eldin SM(5), El-Rahman 
MA(6)(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Mathematics and Statistics, Hazara University, Manshera, 
Pakistan.
(2)Department of Mathematics, Government College Mansehra, Mansehra, 21300, 
Pakistan.
(3)Department of Mathematics, University of Management and Technology, Lahore, 
Pakistan. Imran.asjad@umt.edu.pk.
(4)Department of Mathematics, Faculty of Science, Jazan University, 45142, 
Jazan, Saudi Arabia.
(5)Center of Research, Faculty of Engineering and Technology, Future University 
in Egypt, New Cairo, 11835, Egypt.
(6)Department of Physics, College of Science, King Khalid University, 61413, 
Abha, Saudi Arabia.
(7)Department of Radiation Physics, National Centre of Radiation Research and 
Technology (NCRRT), Atomic Energy Authority, Cairo, 11787, Egypt.

Retraction of
    Sci Rep. 2023 Mar 22;13(1):4712. doi: 10.1038/s41598-023-31853-9.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-024-66666-x
PMCID: PMC11237109
PMID: 38987422


33. Int J Clin Oncol. 2024 Oct;29(10):1491-1499. doi: 10.1007/s10147-024-02582-4. 
Epub 2024 Jul 8.

Measurement of the distance between tumor micro-foci and gross tumor in rectal 
cancer pathological specimens: implication on margin distance of clinical target 
volume treated with high-dose radiotherapy for rectal cancer.

Bao XJ(#)(1)(2), Chen XY(#)(3), Wen L(4), Liu YY(1)(5), Yu EH(1)(6), Wu Z(1), 
Liu K(1), Zhou JM(1), Zhu SY(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Hunan Cancer Hospital and the Affiliated 
Cancer Hospital of Xiang Ya School of Medicine, Central South University, No. 
582 Xianjiahu Rd., Yuelu District, Changsha, 410013, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Oncology, XiangYa ChangDe Hospital, Changde, Hunan, People's 
Republic of China.
(3)Department of Pathology, Hunan Cancer Hospital and the Affiliated Cancer 
Hospital of Xiang Ya School of Medicine, Central South University, Changsha, 
People's Republic of China.
(4)Department of Diagnostic Radiology, Hunan Cancer Hospital and the Affiliated 
Cancer Hospital of Xiang Ya School of Medicine, Central South University, 
Changsha, People's Republic of China.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, The First Hospital of Hunan University of 
Chinese Medicine, Changsha, Hunan, People's Republic of China.
(6)Qilu Hospital of Shandong University, Qingdao, People's Republic of China.
(7)Department of Radiation Oncology, Hunan Cancer Hospital and the Affiliated 
Cancer Hospital of Xiang Ya School of Medicine, Central South University, No. 
582 Xianjiahu Rd., Yuelu District, Changsha, 410013, People's Republic of China. 
zhusuyu@hnca.org.cn.
(#)Contributed equally

PURPOSE: To measure the micro-foci distance away from gross tumor and to provide 
reference to create the clinical target volume (CTV) margin for boost 
radiotherapy in rectal adenocarcinoma.
METHODS: Twenty-eight rectal cancer surgical specimens of only total mesorectal 
excision were collected. The pathological specimens were retrospectively 
measured, and the nearest distance between the tumor micro-foci and gross tumor 
was microscopically measured. The "in vivo-in vitro" retraction factor was 
calculated as the ratio of the deepest thickness laterally and the vertical 
height superior/inferiorly of the rectal tumor measured in MRI and those 
measured in immediate pathological specimens. The retraction factor during 
pathological specimen processing was calculated as the distance ratio before and 
after dehydration in the lateral, superior, and inferior sides by the "knot 
marking method." The distances of tumor micro-foci were individually corrected 
with these two retraction factors.
RESULTS: The mean "in vivo-in vitro" tumor retraction factors were 0.913 
peripherally and 0.920 superior/inferiorly. The mean tumor specimen processing 
retraction factors were 0.804 peripherally, 0.815 inferiorly, and 0.789 
superiorly. Of 28 patients, 14 cases (50.0%) had 24 lateral micro-foci, 8 cases 
(28.6%) had 13 inferior micro-foci, and 7 cases (25.0%) had 19 superior 
micro-foci. The 95th percentiles of the micro-foci distance for 28 patients were 
6.44 mm (peripheral), 5.54 mm (inferior), and 5.42 mm (superior) after 
retraction correction.
CONCLUSION: The micro-foci distances of 95% of rectal adenocarcinoma patients 
examined were within 6.44 mm peripherally, 5.54 mm inferiorly, and 5.42 mm 
superiorly. These findings provide reference to set the boost radiotherapy CTV 
margin for rectal cancer.

© 2024. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1007/s10147-024-02582-4
PMCID: PMC11420390
PMID: 38977538 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: No author has any conflict of interest.


34. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Am J Case Rep. 2024 Jul 6;25:e943740. doi: 10.12659/AJCR.943740.

Acute Eosinophilic Pneumonia Induced by Immune Checkpoint Inhibitor and 
Anti-TIGIT Therapy.

Mohammed A(1), Tang B(2), Sadikot S(2), Barmaimon G(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medicine, Hackensack University Medical Center, Hackensack, NJ, 
USA.
(2)Department of Pulmonary and Critical Care, Hackensack University Medical 
Center, Hackensack, NJ, USA.

Retraction in
    Am J Case Rep. 2024 Jul 30;25:e945973. doi: 10.12659/AJCR.945973.

BACKGROUND Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) have been linked to various 
immune-related adverse events, including pneumonitis, necessitating early 
recognition and potential treatment discontinuation. Acute eosinophilic 
pneumonia (AEP) induced by ICIs, particularly with no reported cases involving 
anti-TIGIT therapy, is rare. This report describes a case of AEP following 
treatment with pembrolizumab and anti-TIGIT therapy. CASE REPORT A 46-year-old 
woman with lung adenoid cystic carcinoma and chronic hypoxemic respiratory 
failure on long-term oxygen therapy presented with fever, cough, and shortness 
of breath. She underwent left pneumonectomy and radiation therapy at diagnosis 9 
years earlier. She was participating in a clinical trial using pembrolizumab and 
anti-TIGIT EOS-448, due to cancer progression. After starting therapy, she 
developed stable peripheral eosinophilia and a skin rash, suggestive of a drug 
reaction. On admission, she was in acute-on-chronic hypoxemic respiratory 
failure, febrile, with an elevated eosinophil count and new multifocal 
infiltrates in the right lung. Despite broad antibiotics coverage for pneumonia, 
she developed worsening respiratory symptoms and eosinophilia. She was then 
empirically started on intravenous methylprednisolone for acute eosinophilic 
pneumonia without confirmatory bronchoscopy as she was at high risk with her 
previous pneumonectomy. She subsequently had rapid improvement in her symptoms. 
CONCLUSIONS AEP should be considered in patients treated with ICIs who develop 
immune-related adverse effects. Although bronchoscopy findings are part of AEP's 
diagnostic criteria, this case underscores the importance of clinical judgment 
in the prompt initiation of steroids, even without confirmatory bronchoscopy, in 
rapidly progressing cases. The role of anti-TIGIT therapy in this context 
remains uncertain.

DOI: 10.12659/AJCR.943740
PMCID: PMC11322792
PMID: 38970243 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: None declared


35. Cancers (Basel). 2024 May 30;16(11):2067. doi: 10.3390/cancers16112067.

Acute and Long-Term Toxicity after Planned Intraoperative Boost and Whole Breast 
Irradiation in High-Risk Patients with Breast Cancer-Results from the Targeted 
Intraoperative Radiotherapy Boost Quality Registry (TARGIT BQR).

Goerdt L(1), Schnaubelt R(2), Kraus-Tiefenbacher U(3), Brück V(4), Bauer L(5), 
Dinges S(6), von der Assen A(7), Meye H(8), Kaiser C(9), Weiss C(10), Clausen 
S(11), Schneider F(11), Abo-Madyan Y(11), Fleckenstein K(11), Berlit S(1), 
Tuschy B(1), Sütterlin M(1), Wenz F(12), Sperk E(11)(13).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gynecology and Obstetrics, University Medical Center Mannheim, 
Medical Faculty Mannheim, Heidelberg University, 68167 Mannheim, Germany.
(2)Radiation Oncology, MVZ Rheinland Klinikum Neuss, 41462 Neuss, Germany.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Krankenhaus Nordwest, 60488 Frankfurt am 
Main, Germany.
(4)Breast Center, Asklepios Klinik Barmbek, 22307 Hamburg, Germany.
(5)Breast Center, GRN Klinik Weinheim, 69469 Weinheim, Germany.
(6)Department of Radiation Oncology, Städtisches Klinikum Lüneburg, 21339 
Lüneburg, Germany.
(7)Breast Center, Department of Senology, Franziskus Hospital Harderberg-Niels 
Stensen Kliniken, 49124 Georgsmarienhütte, Germany.
(8)Department of Radiation Oncology, MVZ Gesundheit Nordhessen, 34125 Kassel, 
Germany.
(9)University Medical Center Bonn, Medical Faculty Bonn, Bonn University, 53113 
Bonn, Germany.
(10)Department of Medical Biometry, University Medical Center Mannheim, Medical 
Faculty Mannheim, Heidelberg University, 68167 Mannheim, Germany.
(11)Department of Radiation Oncology, University Medical Center Mannheim, 
Medical Faculty Mannheim, Heidelberg University, 68167 Mannheim, Germany.
(12)University Hospital Freiburg, 79106 Freiburg, Germany.
(13)Mannheim Cancer Center, University Medical Center Mannheim, Medical Faculty 
Mannheim, Heidelberg University, 68167 Mannheim, Germany.

In the context of breast cancer treatment optimization, this study prospectively 
examines the feasibility and outcomes of utilizing intraoperative radiotherapy 
(IORT) as a boost in combination with standard external beam radiotherapy (EBRT) 
for high-risk patients. Different guidelines recommend such a tumor bed boost in 
addition to whole breast irradiation with EBRT for patients with risk factors 
for local breast cancer recurrence. The TARGIT BQR (NCT01440010) is a 
prospective, multicenter registry study aimed at ensuring the quality of 
clinical outcomes. It provides, for the first time, data from a large cohort 
with a detailed assessment of acute and long-term toxicity following an IORT 
boost using low-energy X-rays. Inclusion criteria encompassed tumors up to 3.5 
cm in size and preoperative indications for a boost. The IORT boost, 
administered immediately after tumor resection, delivered a single dose of 20 
Gy. EBRT and systemic therapy adhered to local tumor board recommendations. 
Follow-up for toxicity assessment (LENT SOMA criteria: fibrosis, 
teleangiectasia, retraction, pain, breast edema, lymphedema, hyperpigmentation, 
ulceration) took place before surgery, 6 weeks to 90 days after EBRT, 6 months 
after IORT, and then annually using standardized case report forms (CRFs). 
Between 2011 and 2020, 1133 patients from 10 centers were preoperatively 
enrolled. The planned IORT boost was conducted in 90%, and EBRT in 97% of cases. 
Median follow-up was 32 months (range 1-120, 20.4% dropped out), with a median 
age of 61 years (range 30-90). No acute grade 3 or 4 toxicities were observed. 
Acute side effects included erythema grade 1 or 2 in 4.4%, palpable seroma in 
9.1%, punctured seroma in 0.3%, and wound healing disorders in 2.1%. Overall, 
chronic teleangiectasia of any grade occurred in 16.2%, fibrosis grade ≥ 2 in 
14.3%, pain grade ≥ 2 in 3.4%, and hyperpigmentation in 1.1%. In conclusion, a 
tumor bed boost through IORT using low-energy X-rays is a swift and feasible 
method that demonstrates low rates in terms of acute or long-term toxicity 
profiles in combination with whole breast irradiation.

DOI: 10.3390/cancers16112067
PMCID: PMC11171237
PMID: 38893184

Conflict of interest statement: Elena Sperk received has received a speaker 
honorarium and support for attending meetings from Zeiss Meditec AG. All other 
authors declare no conflicts of interest.


36. Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2024 Jun;31(29):42493. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-024-33994-4.

Retraction Note: The assessment of the protective impact of spidroin extract 
against UV-A radiation damage by using earthworms (Aporrectodea caliginosa) as a 
robust human skin model via macroscopic and histological observations.

Abd El-Aziz FEA(1), Ismail MS(2), El Askary A(3), El-Kott AF(4)(5), Tantawy 
AA(6).

Author information:
(1)Zoology Department, Faculty of Science, Assiut University, Assiut, Egypt.
(2)Pharmaceutics Department, Faculty of Pharmacy, South Valley University, Qena, 
Egypt.
(3)Department of Clinical Laboratory Sciences, College of Applied Medical 
Sciences, Taif University, P.O.Box 11099, Taif, 21944, Saudi Arabia.
(4)Biology Department, Faculty of Science, King Khalid University, Abha, 61421, 
Saudi Arabia.
(5)Zoology Department, College of Science, Damanhour University, Damanhour, 
22511, Egypt.
(6)Biotechnology Department, Faculty of Science, Zagazig University, Zagazig, 
Egypt. ahmedtan12314@yahoo.com.

Retraction of
    Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2022 Jun;29(29):44906-44916. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-022-18861-4.

DOI: 10.1007/s11356-024-33994-4
PMCID: PMC11219414
PMID: 38880847


37. J Chem Neuroanat. 2024 Sep;139:102433. doi: 10.1016/j.jchemneu.2024.102433. Epub 
2024 Jun 8.

Retraction notice to "Exercise ameliorates hippocampal damage induced by Wi-Fi 
radiation; A biochemical, histological, and immunohistochemical study" [J. Chem. 
Neuroanat. 129 (2023) 102252].

Mohamed AO(1), Abdel Hafez SMN(1), Ibrahim RA(1), Rifaai RA(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Histology and Cell Biology, Faculty of Medicine, Minia 
University, Minia, Egypt.
(2)Department of Histology and Cell Biology, Faculty of Medicine, Minia 
University, Minia, Egypt. Electronic address: rehabrifaai@yahoo.com.

Retraction of
    J Chem Neuroanat. 2023 Apr;129:102252. doi: 10.1016/j.jchemneu.2023.102252.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jchemneu.2024.102433
PMID: 38851999


38. Technol Cancer Res Treat. 2024 Jan-Dec;23:15330338241257888. doi: 
10.1177/15330338241257888.

Retraction Notice: "Curcumin Inhibits the Migration and Invasion of 
Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer Cells Through Radiation-Induced Suppression of 
Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition and Soluble E-Cadherin Expression".

[No authors listed]

Retraction of
    Technol Cancer Res Treat. 2020 Jan-Dec;19:1533033820947485. doi: 
10.1177/1533033820947485.

DOI: 10.1177/15330338241257888
PMCID: PMC11155308
PMID: 38841805


39. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Clin Imaging Sci. 2024 Jun 5;14:18. doi: 10.25259/JCIS_5_2024. eCollection 
2024.

An investigation into the chiropractic practice and communication of routine 
repetitive radiographic imaging for the location of postural misalignments.

Williams B(1), Gichard L(2), Johnson D(3), Louis M(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Research, The Association of Musculoskeletal Sports 
Physiologists, Auckland, New Zealand.
(2)Department of Research, The Association of Musculoskeletal Sports 
Physiologists, Brisbane, Australia.
(3)Department of Neurosurgery, College of Functional Movement Clinicians, 
Brisbane, Australia.
(4)Department of Research, Apollo Spine, Westville, Indiana, United States.

Retraction in
    J Clin Imaging Sci. 2024 Jun 22;14:21. doi: 10.25259/JCIS_71_2024.

Many clinicians use radiological imaging in efforts to locate and diagnose the 
cause of their patient's pain, relying on X-rays as a leading tool in clinical 
evaluation. This is fundamentally flawed because an X-ray represents a 
"snapshot" of the structural appearance of the spine and gives no indication of 
the current function of the spine. The health and well-being of any system, 
including the spinal motion segments, depend on the inter-relationship between 
structure and function. Pain, tissue damage, and injury are not always directly 
correlated. Due to such a high incidence of abnormalities found in asymptomatic 
patients, the diagnostic validity of X-rays can be questioned, especially when 
used in isolation of history and/or proper clinical assessment. The utility of 
routine X-rays is, therefore, questionable. One may posit that their application 
promotes overdiagnosis, and unvalidated treatment of X-ray findings (such as 
changes in postural curvature), which may mislead patients into believing these 
changes are directly responsible for their pain. A substantial amount of 
research has shown that there is no association between pain and reversed 
cervical curves. Accuracy can also be questioned, as X-ray measurements can vary 
based on the patient's standing position, which research shows is influenced by 
an overwhelming number of factors, such as patient positioning, patient physical 
and morphological changes over time, doctor interreliability, stress, pain, the 
patient's previous night's sleep or physical activity, hydration, and/or 
emotional state. Furthermore, research has concluded that strong evidence links 
various potential harms with routine, repeated X-rays, such as altered treatment 
procedures, overdiagnosis, radiation exposure, and unnecessary costs. Over the 
past two decades, medical boards and health associations worldwide have made a 
substantial effort to communicate better "when" imaging is required, with most 
education around reducing radiographic imaging. In this review, we describe 
concerns relating to the high-frequency, routine use of spinal X-rays in the 
primary care setting for spine-related pain in the absence of red-flag clinical 
signs.

© 2024 Published by Scientific Scholar on behalf of Journal of Clinical Imaging 
Science.

DOI: 10.25259/JCIS_5_2024
PMCID: PMC11152518
PMID: 38841311

Conflict of interest statement: There are no conflicts of interest.


40. Sci Rep. 2024 Jun 4;14(1):12785. doi: 10.1038/s41598-024-63655-y.

Retraction Note: Non-thermal plasma inhibits human cervical cancer HeLa cells 
invasiveness by suppressing the MAPK pathway and decreasing matrix 
metalloproteinase-9 expression.

Li W(1), Yu KN(2), Bao L(1), Shen J(3), Cheng C(3), Han W(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Center of Medical Physics and Technology, Hefei Institutes of Physical 
Sciences, Anhui Province, Chinese Academy of Sciences, 350 Shushanhu Road, 
Hefei, 230031, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Physics and Materials Science, City University of Hong Kong, 
Tat Chee Avenue, Kowloon Tong, Hong Kong.
(3)Institute of Plasma Physics, Hefei Institutes of Physical Sciences, Anhui 
Province, Chinese Academy of Sciences, 350 Shushanhu Road, Hefei, 230031, P.R. 
China.
(4)Center of Medical Physics and Technology, Hefei Institutes of Physical 
Sciences, Anhui Province, Chinese Academy of Sciences, 350 Shushanhu Road, 
Hefei, 230031, P.R. China. hanw@hfcas.ac.cn.
(5)Collaborative Innovation Center of Radiation Medicine of Jiangsu Higher 
Education Institutions and School for Radiological and Interdisciplinary 
Sciences (RAD-X), Soochow University, Suzhou, Jiangsu, China. hanw@hfcas.ac.cn.

Retraction of
    Sci Rep. 2016 Jan 28;6:19720. doi: 10.1038/srep19720.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-024-63655-y
PMCID: PMC11150453
PMID: 38834769


41. Asian Pac J Cancer Prev. 2024 May 1;25(5):1707-1713. doi: 
10.31557/APJCP.2024.25.5.1707.

Dosimetry and Biochemical Comparison of Early Radiation-Induced Lung Toxicity in 
Breast Cancer Patients Treated with 3D-CRT and IMRT: the Role of Serum 
Interleukin-6 and Pulmonary Surfactant Protein-D.

Mahmoud Hewala TI(1), El-Benhawy SA(1), Elwany YN(2), Hammoury SI(3), Saeda 
MA(4).

Author information:
(1)Radiation Sciences Department, Medical Research Institute, Alexandria 
University, Alexandria, Egypt.
(2)lecturer of Cancer Management and Research Department, Medical Research 
Institute, Alexandria University, Alexandria, Egypt.
(3)Medical Physics Department, Alexandria Ayadi Elmostakbl Oncology Center, 
Alexandria, Egypt.
(4)Faculty of Applied Medical Science, Pharous University, Alexandria, Egypt.

BACKGROUND: Radiation-induced lung disease is a potentially fatal, dose-limiting 
toxicity commonly seen after radiotherapy of thoracic malignancies, including 
breast cancer.
AIM: To evaluate and compare the early lung toxicity induced by 3D-CRT and IMRT 
radiotherapy treatment modalities in breast cancer female patients using 
biochemical, dosimetry and clinical data.
SUBJECTS AND METHODS: this study included 15 normal healthy controls, 15 breast 
cancer patients treated with IMRT, and 15 breast cancer patients treated with 
3D-CRT. One blood sample was obtained from the control group and 3 blood samples 
were withdrawn from cases before RT, after RT and after 3 months of RT.
RESULT: IMRT delivered higher radiation dose to the breast tumor and lower doses 
to the lung as an organ at risk. There was a non-significant increase in the 
serum levels of IL-6 before IMRT and 3D-CRT compared with its levels in the 
control group. There were significant increases in serum levels of IL-6 after RT 
(IMRT and 3DCRT) compared with its levels before RT. There was a non-significant 
decrease in the serum levels of IL-6 after 3 months of RT (IMRT and 3D-CRT) 
compared with its serum levels immediately after RT. There was a non-significant 
increase in the serum levels of SP-D before RT (IMRT and 3D-CRT) compared with 
its levels in the control group. There were significant-increases in serum 
levels of SP-D after RT (IMRT and 3D-CRT) compared with its levels before RT. 
There was a non-significant decrease in the serum levels of SP-D after 3 months 
of radiotherapy (IMRT and 3D-CRT) compared with its serum levels immediately 
after RT.
CONCLUSION: serum of levels IL-6 and SP-D can be used to diagnose the occurrence 
of early lung toxicity due to radiotherapy and the rate of recovery from 
radiation pneumonitis is apparent in case of IMRT than 3D-CRT.

DOI: 10.31557/APJCP.2024.25.5.1707
PMCID: PMC11318830
PMID: 38809643 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: No conflict of interest is declared.


42. Med Sci Monit. 2024 May 22;30:e945188. doi: 10.12659/MSM.945188.

Retracted: MD-1 Deficiency Accelerates Myocardial Inflammation and Apoptosis in 
Doxorubicin-Induced Cardiotoxicity by Activating the TLR4/MAPKs/Nuclear Factor 
kappa B (NF-κB) Signaling Pathway.

Zhang YJ(1)(2)(3), Huang H(1)(2)(3), Liu Y(1)(2)(3), Kong B(1)(2)(3), Wang 
G(1)(2)(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cardiology, Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University, Wuhan, Hubei, 
China (mainland).
(2)Cardiovascular Research Institute of Wuhan University, Wuhan, Hubei, China 
(mainland).
(3)Hubei Key Laboratory of Cardiology, Wuhan, Hubei, China (mainland).

Retraction of
    Med Sci Monit. 2019 Oct 22;25:7898-7907. doi: 10.12659/MSM.919861.

This publication has been retracted by the Editor due to the identification of 
non-original figure images and manuscript content that raise concerns regarding 
the credibility and originality of the study and the manuscript. Reference: 
Ying-Jun Zhang, He Huang, Yu Liu, Bin Kong, Guangji Wang. MD-1 Deficiency 
Accelerates Myocardial Inflammation and Apoptosis in Doxorubicin-Induced 
Cardiotoxicity by Activating the TLR4/MAPKs/Nuclear Factor kappa B (NF-kappaB) 
Signaling Pathway. Med Sci Monit, 2019; 25: 7898-7907. DOI: 10.12659/MSM.919861.

DOI: 10.12659/MSM.945188
PMCID: PMC11129601
PMID: 38775003 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


43. Cureus. 2024 Apr 10;16(4):e58001. doi: 10.7759/cureus.58001. eCollection 2024 
Apr.

Comparative Evaluation of the Effect of Photobiomodulation on Pain Reduction in 
Individuals Undergoing Segmental Retraction Using a Closing Loop: A Randomized 
Controlled Clinical Trial.

Khot TA(1), Lele P(1), Dodwad V(1), Patil A(2), Bhosale N(1), Yewale M(1).

Author information:
(1)Periodontology, Bharati Vidyapeeth Dental College and Hospital, Pune, IND.
(2)Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopaedics, Bharati Vidyapeeth Dental College 
and Hospital, Pune, IND.

BACKGROUND: Pain following orthodontic treatment is a common reason for 
apprehension and treatment discontinuation. Research on modalities to control 
pain in orthodontic patients has gained special attention. Low-level laser 
therapy (LLLT) is studied as an alternative pain management modality free of the 
adverse effects of analgesic medications.
OBJECTIVES: This study evaluated the effectiveness of photobiomodulation therapy 
(PBMT) for pain control following the activation of a closing loop for canine 
retraction.
METHOD: This is a split-mouth, placebo-controlled, single-blinded randomized 
clinical trial that evaluated 16 patients who need canine retraction using 
closing loops. Two maxillary quadrants were allotted into test and control 
groups using the coin toss method. In the test group, a low-intensity laser with 
810 nm wavelength for 60 seconds in pulsated non-contact mode was used in the 
buccal, palatal, mesial, and distal regions of the canine immediately after 
activating the loop. The control site received placebo radiation. The pain level 
was recorded 2, 24, 48, and 72 hours after intervention in the control and test 
groups using the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). The test and control groups were 
compared using Student's t-test. A p-value ≤0.05 was considered statistically 
significant. Analyses were conducted using IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, 
Version 25.0 (Released 2017; IBM Corp., Armonk, New York, United States).
RESULT: Both groups had a significant statistical difference in the pain score. 
The laser group showed a statistically significant lower pain score compared to 
the control group at all time points.
CONCLUSION: Photobiomodulation by 810 nm 300 mW diode laser can effectively 
reduce pain following the retraction of maxillary canines.

Copyright © 2024, Khot et al.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.58001
PMCID: PMC11088457
PMID: 38738002

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


44. Life Sci. 2024 Jun 15;347:122678. doi: 10.1016/j.lfs.2024.122678. Epub 2024 May 
1.

Retraction notice to "Overexpression of GRIM-19 accelerates radiation-induced 
osteosarcoma cells apoptosis by p53 stabilization" [Life Sci. 208 (2018) 208, 
232-238].

Chen W(1), Liu Q(2), Fu B(3), Liu K(4), Jiang W(3).

Author information:
(1)Medical Imaging Department, Huai'an Second People's Hospital and The 
Affiliated Huaian Hospital of Xuzhou Medical University, Huai'an, China.
(2)Department of Orthopedics, Lianshui County People's Hospital, Huai'an, China.
(3)Department of Orthopedics, Wujin People's Hospital, Changzhou, China.
(4)Department of Radiology, Lianshui County People's Hospital, Huai'an, China.

Retraction of
    Life Sci. 2018 Sep 1;208:232-238. doi: 10.1016/j.lfs.2018.07.015.

DOI: 10.1016/j.lfs.2024.122678
PMID: 38697876


45. Klin Onkol. 2024;38(2):134-138. doi: 10.48095/ccko2024134.

Tebentafusp in the treatment of metastatic uveal melanoma - the first patient 
treated in the Czech Republic.

[Article in English]

Klabusay M, Bábková B.

BACKGROUND: Uveal melanoma is a rare cancer, in which metastases occur in 
approximately one half of cases. In metastatic disease, the prognosis is 
unfavorable and the median of survival does not exceed 6 months. Effective 
treatment options were very limited up to date. Tebentafusp is a bispecific 
fusion protein, which as the first drug proved efficacy in uveal melanoma.
CASE: The patient was referred for suspected uveal melanoma of the left eye. She 
was treated for Hodgkin's disease in the past. Primarily, the tumor was treated 
by radiosurgery with radiotherapy of a small lesion of the vertebral body. 
However, later the patient had to undergo bulbus enucleation with confirmation 
of a large tumor category pT4b. PET/CT revealed metastases of the bones and the 
liver; simultaneously, haplotype A*02: 01 was confirmed. The patient underwent 
radiotherapy of the sternum and later, after confirmation of payment from the 
health insurance company, she started treatment with tebentafusp. The first 
three doses were administered during admission to the hospital, with a need to 
treat cytokine release syndrome by corticosteroids. Later, the administration 
was performed in an out-patient regimen, without complications, except for a 
transient elevation of transaminases. The first CT restaging confirmed stable 
disease; however, the second restaging confirmed a new osteolytic lesion in the 
processus of Th11. Because of progression, the treatment with tebentafusp was 
withdrawn after 6 months. Unfortunately, the lesion could not be treated by 
radiotherapy. Two months later, the patient was urgently admitted to the 
hospital because of right-sided hemiplegia; MRI revealed bleeding metastatic 
lesion in the brain stem.
CONCLUSION: In this case report, we present the case of the first patient 
treated with this drug in the Czech Republic.

DOI: 10.48095/ccko2024134
PMID: 38697822 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


46. Clin Nucl Med. 2024 Jul 1;49(7):e373-e374. doi: 10.1097/RLU.0000000000005257. 
Epub 2024 May 2.

Hepatic PSMA-Avid Postradiation Inflammation.

Silveira P(1), Razmaria A, Yeh R.

Author information:
(1)From the Molecular Imaging and Therapy Service, Department of Radiology, 
Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY.

A 62-year-old man with de novo large volume metastatic prostate cancer to the 
bone, liver, and nodes status post multiple lines of therapy including external 
beam radiation to T12-L2 approximately 13 months prior underwent 68 Ga-PSMA 
PET/CT to determine eligibility for 177 Lu-PSMA therapy. 68 Ga-PSMA PET/CT 
demonstrated tracer-avid osseous and nodal lesions consistent with metastases. 
In addition, regional geographic tracer avidity was seen in the midline left 
hepatic lobe associated with capsular retraction and demonstrated no FDG avidity 
on subsequent imaging, probably inflammatory related to prior radiation to 
T12-L2.

Copyright © 2024 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1097/RLU.0000000000005257
PMID: 38693645 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of interest and sources of funding: 
none declared.


47. Curr Oncol. 2024 Mar 22;31(4):1713-1724. doi: 10.3390/curroncol31040130.

Complications and Recurrences after Excision and Reconstruction of Eyelid 
Tumours.

Balchev G(1).

Author information:
(1)Ophthalmology Department, Medical University Pleven, 5800 Pleven, Bulgaria.

INTRODUCTION: The eyelids are a common site for skin tumours and account for 
5-10% of all skin tumours. Treatment is mainly surgical and aims to preserve the 
anatomical structure of the eyelid, its function and not least its aesthetic 
appearance.
AIM: Presentation of recurrence and complication rates of tumour-related eyelid 
surgery in a cohort of 450 tumours.
RESULTS: Analysis of a cohort of 450 tumours operated on revealed 13 (2.8%) 
operations with recurrences and 32 (7%) with complications. The statistical 
significance of recurrences was observed for the involved and uninvolved ciliary 
margin. At the temporal canthus, 23.1% of recurrences occurred compared to 7.7% 
at the medial canthus. SGC has the highest recurrence rate. Complications 
include the following: ectropion, dehiscence, gross cicatrix with normal 
function, retraction, post-radiation damage, sub-graft haemorrhage and graft 
rejection.
CONCLUSIONS: The recurrence rate of eyelid tumours is lower than that of 
complications. The choice of surgical technique determines the frequency of 
complications and histological control of the excised tissue, as well as the 
frequency of recurrences.

DOI: 10.3390/curroncol31040130
PMCID: PMC11049131
PMID: 38668033 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The author has no conflict of interest to 
declare.


48. J Neurosurg Case Lessons. 2024 Apr 15;7(16):CASE247. doi: 10.3171/CASE247. Print 
2024 Apr 15.

Phantom limb pain, traumatic neuroma, or nerve sheath tumor? Illustrative case.

Halloran PJ(1), Chiocca EA(2), Santos A(3).

Author information:
(1)1University of Connecticut School of Medicine, Farmington, Connecticut; and 
Departments of.
(2)2Neurosurgery and.
(3)3Pathology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts.

BACKGROUND: Phantom limb pain and traumatic neuromas are not commonly seen in 
neurosurgical practice. These conditions can present with similar symptoms; 
however, management of traumatic neuroma is often surgical, whereas phantom limb 
pain is treated with conservative measures.
OBSERVATIONS: A 77-year-old female patient with a long-standing history of an 
above-the-knee amputation experienced severe pain in her right posterior 
buttocks area for several years' duration, attributed to phantom limb pain, 
which radiated down the stump of her leg and was treated with a variety of 
conservative measures. A recent exacerbation of her pain led to a prolonged 
hospitalization with magnetic resonance imaging of her leg stump, revealing a 
mass in the sciatic notch, at a relative distance from the stump. The anatomical 
location of the mass on the sciatic nerve in the notch led to a presumed 
radiological diagnosis of nerve sheath tumor, for which she underwent excision. 
At surgery, a neuroma of the proximal portion of the transected sciatic nerve 
that had retracted from the amputated stump to the notch was diagnosed.
LESSONS: Traumatic neuromas of transected major nerves after limb amputation 
should be considered in the differential diagnosis of phantom limb pain.

DOI: 10.3171/CASE247
PMCID: PMC11023014
PMID: 38621303

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosures The authors report no conflict of 
interest concerning the materials or methods used in this study or the findings 
specified in this paper.


49. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2024 Jul 15;119(4):1317-1325. doi: 
10.1016/j.ijrobp.2024.01.215. Epub 2024 Mar 28.

Rapid Switching of a C-Series Linear Accelerator Between Conventional and 
Ultrahigh-Dose-Rate Research Mode With Beamline Modifications and Output 
Stabilization.

Sloop A(1), Ashraf MR(1), Rahman M(1), Sunnerberg J(1), Dexter CA(2), Thompson 
L(2), Gladstone DJ(3), Pogue BW(4), Bruza P(1), Zhang R(5).

Author information:
(1)Thayer School of Engineering, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire.
(2)Dartmouth Health, New Hampshire, Lebanon.
(3)Thayer School of Engineering, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire; 
Dartmouth Health, New Hampshire, Lebanon; Geisel School of Medicine, Dartmouth 
College, Hanover, New Hampshire. Electronic address: 
David.J.Gladstone@dartmouth.edu.
(4)Thayer School of Engineering, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire; 
Department of Medical Physics, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, 
Wisconsin.
(5)Thayer School of Engineering, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire; 
Geisel School of Medicine, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire; Department 
of Radiation Medicine, New York Medical College, Valhalla, New York.

PURPOSE: In this study, a C-series linear accelerator was configured to enable 
rapid and reliable conversion between the production of conventional electron 
beams and an ultrahigh-dose-rate (UHDR) electron beamline to the treatment room 
isocenter for FLASH radiation therapy. Efforts to tune the beam resulted in a 
consistent, stable UHDR beamline.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: The linear accelerator was configured to allow for 
efficient switching between conventional and modified electron output modes 
within 2 minutes. Additions to the air system allow for retraction of the x-ray 
target from the beamline when the 10 MV photon mode is selected. With the 
carousel set to an empty port, this grants access to the higher current pristine 
electron beam normally used to produce clinical photon fields. Monitoring 
signals related to the automatic frequency control system allows for tuning of 
the waveguide while the machine is in a hold state so a stable beam is produced 
from the initial pulse. A pulse counting system implemented on an 
field-programmable gate array-based controller platform controls the delivery to 
a desired number of pulses. Beam profiles were measured with Gafchromic film. 
Pulse-by-pulse dosimetry was measured using a custom electrometer designed 
around the EDGE diode.
RESULTS: This method reliably produces a stable UHDR electron beam. Open-field 
measurements of the 16-cm full-width, half-maximum gaussian beam saw average 
dose rates of 432 Gy/s at treatment isocenter. Pulse overshoots were limited and 
ramp up was eliminated. Over the last year, there have been no recorded 
incidents that resulted in machine downtime due to the UHDR conversions.
CONCLUSIONS: Stable 10 MeV UHDR beams were generated to produce an average dose 
rate of 432 Gy/s at the treatment room isocenter. With a reliable pulse-counting 
beam control system, consistent doses can be delivered for FLASH experiments 
with the ability to accommodate a wide range of field sizes, source-to-surface 
distances, and other experimental apparatus that may be relevant for future 
clinical translation.

Copyright © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ijrobp.2024.01.215
PMID: 38552990 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


50. Med Sci Monit. 2024 Mar 29;30:e944662. doi: 10.12659/MSM.944662.

Retracted: Expression of TP53, BCL-2, and VEGFA Genes in Esophagus Carcinoma and 
its Biological Significance.

Wei W(1), Wang Y(2), Yu X(1), Ye L(1), Jiang Y(1), Cheng Y(3).

Author information:
(1)Cancer Center, The Second Hospital of Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong, 
China (mainland).
(2)Department of Rehabilitation Medicine, Qilu Hospital of Shandong University, 
Jinan, Shandong, China (mainland).
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Qilu Hospital of Shandong University, Jinan, 
Shandong, China (mainland).

Retraction of
    Med Sci Monit. 2015 Oct 06;21:3016-22. doi: 10.12659/MSM.894640.

The Editors of Medical Science Monitor wish to inform you that the above 
manuscript has been retracted from publication due to concerns with the 
credibility and originality of the study, the manuscript content, and the Figure 
images. Reference: Wei Wei, Yanqin Wang, Xiaoming Yu, Lan Ye, Yuhua Jiang, 
Yufeng Cheng. Expression of TP53, BCL-2, and VEGFA Genes in Esophagus Carcinoma 
and its Biological Significance. Med Sci Monit, 2015; 21: 3016-3022. DOI: 
10.12659/MSM.894640.

DOI: 10.12659/MSM.944662
PMCID: PMC10986313
PMID: 38551033


51. Clin Orthop Relat Res. 2024 Oct 1;482(10):1789-1797. doi: 
10.1097/CORR.0000000000003047. Epub 2024 Mar 28.

What is the Long-term Wear of a 5-Mrad Highly Crosslinked Polyethylene Liner? A 
14-year RSA Study.

Callary SA(1)(2), Sharma DK(1)(2), D'Apollonio TM(1), Critchley O(3), Mercer 
G(4), Wilson C(3)(5), Campbell DG(1)(6).

Author information:
(1)Centre for Orthopaedic and Trauma Research, University of Adelaide, Adelaide, 
South Australia, Australia.
(2)Department of Orthopaedics and Trauma, Royal Adelaide Hospital, Adelaide, 
South Australia, Australia.
(3)Department of Orthopaedics and Trauma Surgery, Flinders University, Adelaide, 
South Australia, Australia.
(4)Department of Orthopaedics, Repatriation General Hospital, Adelaide, South 
Australia, Australia.
(5)Department of Orthopaedics and Trauma, Flinders Medical Centre, Adelaide, 
South Australia, Australia.
(6)Wakefield Orthopaedic Clinic, Adelaide, South Australia, Australia.

BACKGROUND: Lower doses of irradiation (≤ 5 Mrad) during the manufacture of 
highly crosslinked polyethylene acetabular liners may result in less 
crosslinking and an increased wear rate. Radiostereometric analysis (RSA) 
studies have found that wear of more highly irradiated highly crosslinked 
polyethylene liners (7 to 10 Mrad) decreases at longer-term follow-up compared 
with earlier reports of the same cohorts. Although wear of 5-Mrad irradiated 
liners appears to increase at midterm follow-up, it is unclear whether that 
remains true at longer follow-up.
QUESTIONS/PURPOSES: We asked: (1) In patients who underwent THA with a 5-Mrad 
highly crosslinked polyethylene liner, what is the wear rate evaluated with RSA 
during the first 14 years? (2) Does the wear rate decrease after 6 years in 
situ?
METHODS: This is a brief follow-up of prior RSA studies performed at 2 and 6 
years. We prospectively reviewed the longer-term wear rate in 13 patients who 
underwent primary THAs with the same design of a 5-MRad irradiated crosslinked 
acetabular liner and a 28-mm cobalt-chromium articulation. Of the initial 30 
patients who were enrolled, 13 (43%) were available at the 14-year timepoint; 
nine patients had died, 1 patient had withdrawn, 1 had an intraoperative 
fracture, 3 patients were too infirm to have radiographs, 2 had no baseline RSA 
radiographs, and 1 had poor-quality RSA images. Tantalum markers were inserted 
during surgery, and all patients had RSA radiographic examinations at 1 week, 6 
months, and 1, 2, 6, and 14 years postoperatively.
RESULTS: The mean ± standard deviation proximal, 2D, and 3D wear rates 
calculated between 1 year and 14 years were 0.019 ± 0.013 mm, 0.022 ± 0.015 mm, 
and 0.025 ± 0.019 mm per year, respectively. No patient had proximal 2D or 3D 
wear rates exceeding 0.06 mm per year. An increasing wear rate over time was 
measured for proximal and 2D wear rates between 6 and 14 years (0.024 and 0.030 
mm per year) compared with that between 1 and 6 years (0.008 and 0.010 mm per 
year; p = 0.03).
CONCLUSION: The proximal, 2D, and 3D wear of a highly crosslinked polyethylene 
liner produced using 5-Mrad radiation remains low in the longer-term. With the 
small numbers available in a long-term RSA study such as this, we confirmed that 
the wear rate did not decrease at longer-term follow-up, unlike previous RSA 
studies of more highly irradiated highly crosslinked polyethylene liners. 
Nevertheless, the wear rate remains very low and below the threshold typically 
associated with the development of osteolysis (0.1 mm/year of wear). This should 
provide assurance to orthopaedic surgeons monitoring patients with this 5-Mrad 
irradiated liner in situ, while providing useful information to manufacturers of 
future highly crosslinked polyethylene liners.
LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Level IV therapeutic study.

Copyright © 2024 by the Association of Bone and Joint Surgeons.

DOI: 10.1097/CORR.0000000000003047
PMCID: PMC11419525
PMID: 38546666 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: One author (SAC) certifies receipt of a research 
fellowship funded by the Hospital Research Foundation Group during the period of 
this study. Each author certifies that there are no funding or commercial 
associations (consultancies, stock ownership, equity interest, patent/licensing 
arrangements, etc.) that might pose a conflict of interest in connection with 
the submitted article related to the author or any immediate family members. All 
ICMJE Conflict of Interest Forms for authors and Clinical Orthopaedics and 
Related Research ® editors and board members are on file with the publication 
and can be viewed on request.


52. Exp Ther Med. 2024 Mar 11;27(5):192. doi: 10.3892/etm.2024.12480. eCollection 
2024 May.

Ionizing radiation‑induced modification of nialamide as an anti‑inflammatory 
agent against lipopolysaccharide‑induced RAW 264.7 and DH82 cells.

Lee H(1)(2), Jeong GH(1)(2), Woo SY(1), Choi HJ(3), Chung BY(1), Lee KB(4), Bai 
HW(1)(2)(5).

Author information:
(1)Research Division for Biotechnology, Advanced Radiation Technology Institute 
(ARTI), Korea Atomic Energy Research Institute (KAERI), Jeongeup, Jeollabuk 
56212, Republic of Korea.
(2)Center for Companion Animal New Drug Development, Korea Institute of 
Toxicology (KIT), Jeongeup, Jeollabuk 56212, Republic of Korea.
(3)Medical Device Development Center, Daegu-Gyeongbuk Medical Innovation 
Foundation (K-MEDI Hub), Daegu 41061, Republic of Korea.
(4)Department of Biology Education, Chonnam National University, Gwangju 61186, 
Republic of Korea.
(5)Radiation Biotechnology and Applied Radioisotope Science, University of 
Science and Technology (UST), Daejeon 34113, Republic of Korea.

Nialamide is a non-selective monoamine oxidase inhibitor that was widely used as 
an antidepressant. However, it has been prohibited for decades in the depressive 
medicine market due to the adverse hepatotoxic side effects. The re-use of drugs 
that have been withdrawn from the market represents a promising approach for the 
development of novel incrementally modified drugs and, in this context, ionizing 
radiation can serve as a powerful tool for producing new drug candidates. The 
present study exposed nialamide to γ radiation at 50 kGy to obtain the novel 
cyclized benzylamide, nialaminosin (compound 2), along with five known 
compounds, 3-amino-N-benzylpropanamide (compound 3), 
3-methoxy-N-benzylpropanamide (compound 4), 3-hydroxy-N-benzylpropanamide (HBPA; 
compound 5), N-benzylpropanamide (compound 6) and isonicotinamide (compound 7). 
Among the isolated compounds, HBPA was established to inhibit the 
lipopolysaccharide-induced overproduction of pro-inflammatory mediators, 
including nitric oxide (NO) and prostaglandin E2 and cytokines including TNF-α, 
IL-6 and IL-10, without causing cytotoxicity to both RAW 264.7 and DH82 cells. 
Furthermore, HBPA was found to reduce the protein expression of inducible NO 
synthase and cyclooxygenase-2 in macrophages and compared with nialamide, it was 
established to have more potent radical scavenging activity. The present study 
therefore suggested the application of HBPA for the improvement of 
anti-inflammatory properties using ionizing radiation technology on the 
withdrawn drug nialamide.

Copyright: © 2024 Lee et al.

DOI: 10.3892/etm.2024.12480
PMCID: PMC10966424
PMID: 38544558

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


53. Ann Plast Surg. 2024 Apr 1;92(4):379-382. doi: 10.1097/SAP.0000000000003827.

The Impact of Radiation on Nipple Symmetry After Bilateral Nipple-Sparing 
Mastectomy and Implant-Based Reconstruction: An Objective Analysis.

Brown CA(1), Carlson GW.

Author information:
(1)From the Division of Plastic Surgery, Emory University School of Medicine, 
Atlanta GA.

INTRODUCTION: Radiation therapy can adversely affect outcomes of implant-based 
breast reconstruction, potentially complicating procedures like nipple-sparing 
mastectomy (NSM), which is increasingly popular in breast cancer management. 
This study aims to evaluate the impact of radiation on nipple symmetry in 
patients undergoing bilateral NSM with implant-based reconstruction.
METHODS: We conducted a retrospective analysis using data from an Emory 
University review board-approved database. This encompassed bilateral NSMs 
coupled with immediate implant-based reconstructions. The BCCT.core software was 
employed to objectively measure nipple asymmetry preoperatively and 
postoperatively. Metrics, such as Breast Retraction Assessment values, upper 
nipple retraction, lower breast contour, and nipple to midline (NML) 
discrepancies were quantified. The study included 80 patients with a minimum of 
1 year of follow-up; among them, 15 received radiation therapy (RT) while 65 did 
not.
RESULTS: The reconstructions were divided into tissue expander, used in 39 cases 
(48.8%), and direct-to-implant (DTI), employed in 41 cases (51.2%). The DTIs 
were further categorized based on the location of the implant: 22 subpectoral 
and 19 prepectoral. Radiation was applied to 15 breasts, distributed among 
prepectoral DTI (4), subpectoral DTI (6), and tissue expander (5). Breast 
Retraction Assessment scores significantly differed between the nonirradiated 
and irradiated groups (1.49 vs 2.64, P < 0.0004). Nipple to midline differences 
and Upper Nipple Retraction also significantly varied postradiation, especially 
when comparing subpectoral and prepectoral implant placements.
CONCLUSIONS: Radiation therapy has a detrimental effect on nipple symmetry after 
bilateral NSM and implant-based reconstruction, with variations seen regardless 
of the implant's placement or the reconstructive technique utilized. 
Specifically, subpectoral reconstructions irradiated were prone to lateral 
nipple displacement, likely related to radiation-induced pectoralis muscle 
changes, while prepectoral irradiated reconstructions tended to have increased 
vertical displacement. These insights are crucial for patient education and 
surgical planning in the context of radiation and breast reconstruction.

Copyright © 2024 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1097/SAP.0000000000003827
PMID: 38527341 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of interest and sources of funding: 
none declared.


54. J Neurosurg. 2024 Mar 22;140(6):1810. doi: 10.3171/2024.2.JNS23862r.

Retraction. Immunohistochemical markers predicting recurrence following 
resection and radiotherapy in chordoma patients: insights from a multicenter 
study.

Neto CP, Bydon M.

DOI: 10.3171/2024.2.JNS23862r
PMID: 38518293 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


55. Clin Orthop Relat Res. 2024 Mar 21;482(6):960-75. doi: 
10.1097/CORR.0000000000003007. Online ahead of print.

Intercalary Resection of the Tibia for Primary Bone Tumors: Are Vascularized 
Fibula Autografts With or Without Allografts a Durable Reconstruction?

Campanacci DA(1), Scanferla R(1), Marsico M(1), Scolari F(1), Scoccianti G(1), 
Beltrami G(2), Delcroix L(3), Innocenti M(4), Capanna R(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Orthopaedic Oncology and Reconstructive Surgery, Careggi 
University Hospital, Florence, Italy.
(2)Department of Paediatric Orthopaedics, Meyer University Hospital, Florence, 
Italy.
(3)Department of Plastic Surgery, Careggi University Hospital, Florence, Italy.
(4)Department of Plastic Surgery, Rizzoli Orthopaedic Institute, Bologna, Italy.
(5)Orthopaedic Clinic, Cisanello University Hospital, Pisa, Italy.

BACKGROUND: Reconstruction with vascularized fibula grafts (VFG) after 
intercalary resection of sarcoma may offer longevity by providing early 
graft-host union and fracture healing. The ability of the fibula to hypertrophy 
under mechanical stress, as well as vascularized bone in the area, may also be 
advantageous, given that soft tissues may be compromised because of resection, 
chemotherapy, or radiation therapy. VFG with a massive allograft combines the 
primary mechanical stability of the graft with the biological potential of the 
vascularized fibula; however, complications and the durability of this combined 
reconstruction are not well described.
QUESTIONS/PURPOSES: (1) What was the proportion of complications after 
reconstruction with VFG, with or without allografts? (2) What was the functional 
result after surgical treatment as assessed by the Musculoskeletal Tumor Society 
(MSTS) score? (3) What was the survivorship of these grafts free from revision 
and graft removal?
METHODS: Between 1988 and 2021, 219 patients were treated at our institution for 
a primary malignant or aggressive benign bone tumor of the tibia with en bloc 
resection. Of those, 54% (119 of 219) had proximal tibial tumors with epiphyseal 
involvement and were treated with either intra-articular resection and 
reconstruction with an osteoarticular allograft, allograft-prosthesis composite 
(APC), or modular prosthesis according to age, diagnosis, and preoperative or 
postoperative radiotherapy. Nine percent (20) of patients had distal tibial 
tumors that were treated with intra-articular resection and reconstruction with 
ankle arthrodesis using allogenic or autologous grafts, and 0.5% (1 patient) 
underwent total tibial resection for extensive tumoral involvement of the tibia 
and reconstruction with an APC. Thirty-six percent (79) of patients had a 
metadiaphyseal bone tumor of the tibia and were treated with intercalary 
joint-sparing resection. We routinely use reconstruction with VFG after 
intercalary tibial resection for primary malignant or aggressive benign bone 
tumors in patients with long life expectancy and high functional demands and in 
whom at least 1 cm of residual bone stock of the proximal or distal epiphysis 
can be preserved. By contrast, we routinely use intercalary massive allograft 
reconstruction in short resections or in patients with metastatic disease who do 
not have long life expectancy. We avoid VFG in patients with tibial bone 
metastasis, patients older than 70 years, or primary bone tumors in patients who 
may undergo postoperative radiotherapy; in these patients, we use alternative 
reconstructive methods such as intercalary prostheses, plate and cement, or 
intramedullary nailing with cement augmentation. According to the 
above-mentioned indications, 6% (5 of 79) of patients underwent massive 
allograft reconstruction because they were young and had intercalary resections 
shorter than 7 cm or had metastatic disease at diagnosis without long life 
expectancy, whereas 94% (74) of patients underwent VFG reconstruction. The 
median age at operation was 16 years (range 5 to 68 years). The diagnosis was 
high-grade osteosarcoma in 22 patients, Ewing sarcoma in 19, adamantinoma in 16, 
low-grade osteosarcoma in five, fibrosarcoma in three, malignant fibrous 
histiocytoma and Grade 2 chondrosarcoma in two, and malignant myoepitelioma, 
angiosarcoma of bone, malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor of bone, squamous 
cell carcinoma secondary to chronic osteomyelitis, and desmoplastic fibroma in 
one patient each. Median follow-up was 12.3 years (range 2 to 35 years). The 
median tibial resection length was 15 cm (range 7 to 27 cm), and the median 
fibular resection length was 18 cm (range 10 to 29 cm). VFG was used with a 
massive allograft in 55 patients, alone in 12 patients, and combined with 
allogenic cortical bone struts in seven patients. We used VFG combined with a 
massive allograft in patients undergoing juxta-articular, joint-sparing 
resections that left less than 3 cm of residual epiphyseal bone, for 
intra-epiphyseal resections, or for long intercalary resections wherein the 
allograft can provide better mechanical stability. In these clinical situations, 
the combination of a VFG and massive allograft allows more stable fixation and 
better tendinous reattachment of the patellar tendon. VFG was used with cortical 
bone struts in distal tibia intercalary resections where the narrow diameter of 
the allograft did not allow concentric assembling with the fibula. Finally, VFG 
alone was often used after mid- or distal tibia intercalary resection in 
patients with critical soft tissue conditions because of previous surgery, in 
whom the combination with massive allograft would result in a bulkier 
reconstruction. We ascertained complications and MSTS scores by chart review, 
and survivorship free from revision and graft removal was calculated using the 
Kaplan-Meier estimator. In our study, however, the occurrence of death as a 
competing event was observed in a relatively low proportion of patients, and 
only occurred after the primary event of interest had already occurred. 
Considering the nature of our data, we did not consider death after the primary 
event of interest as a competing event.
RESULTS: In all, 49% (36 of 74) of patients experienced complications and 
underwent operative treatment. There were 45 complications in 36 patients. There 
was one instance of footdrop secondary to common peroneal nerve palsy, four 
wound problems, one acute vein thrombosis of the VFG pedicle and one necrosis of 
the skin island, two episodes of implant-related pain, 10 nonunions, six 
fractures, six deep infections, nine local recurrences, one Achilles tendon 
retraction, one varus deformity of the proximal tibia with postoperative tibial 
apophysis detachment, one knee osteoarthritis, and one hypometria. The median 
MSTS score was 30 (range 23 to 30); the MSTS score was assessed only in patients 
in whom the VFG was retained at the final clinical visit, although if we had 
considered those who had an amputation, the overall score would be lower. 
Revision-free survival of the reconstructions was 58% (95% confidence interval 
47% to 70%) at 5 years, 52% (95% CI 41% to 65%) at 10 and 15 years, and 49% (95% 
CI 38% to 63%) at 20 and 30 years. Eight patients underwent VFG removal because 
of complications, with an overall reconstruction survival of 91% (95% CI 84% to 
98%) at 5 years and 89% (95% CI 82% to 97%) at 10 to 30 years.
CONCLUSION: VFG, alone or combined with an allograft, could be considered in 
reconstructing a lower extremity after intercalary resections of the tibia for 
primary bone tumors, and it avoids the use of a large endoprosthesis. However, 
this procedure was associated with frequent, often severe complications during 
the first postoperative years and complication-free survival of 58% at 5 years. 
Nearly 10% of patients ultimately had an amputation. For patients whose 
reconstruction succeeded, the technique provides a durable reconstruction with 
good MSTS scores, and we believe it is useful for active patients with long life 
expectancy. Fractures, frequently observed in the first 5 years postoperatively, 
might be reduced using long-spanning plate fixation, and that appeared to be the 
case in our study. Nonbridging fixation can be an option in intraepiphyseal 
resection when a spanning plate cannot be used or in pediatric patients to 
enhance fibula hypertrophy and remodeling. We did not directly compare VFG with 
or without allografts to other reconstruction options, so the decision to use 
this approach should be made thoughtfully and only after considering the 
potential serious risks.
LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Level IV, therapeutic study.

Copyright © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. on 
behalf of the Association of Bone and Joint Surgeons.

DOI: 10.1097/CORR.0000000000003007
PMCID: PMC11124688
PMID: 38513152

Conflict of interest statement: Each author certifies that there are no funding 
or commercial associations (consultancies, stock ownership, equity interest, 
patent/licensing arrangements, etc.) that might pose a conflict of interest in 
connection with the submitted article related to the author or any immediate 
family members. All ICMJE Conflict of Interest Forms for authors and Clinical 
Orthopaedics and Related Research® editors and board members are on file with 
the publication and can be viewed on request.


56. World J Urol. 2024 Mar 20;42(1):181. doi: 10.1007/s00345-024-04870-0.

Feasibility of stereotactic optical navigation for needle positioning in 
percutaneous nephrolithotomy.

Spenkelink IM(1), Zhu X(2), Fütterer JJ(3), Langenhuijsen JF(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Imaging, Radboud University Medical Center, P.O. Box 
9101, 6500 HB, Nijmegen, The Netherlands. Ilse.Spenkelink@radboudumc.nl.
(2)Department of Urology, Radboud University Medical Center, Nijmegen, The 
Netherlands.
(3)Department of Medical Imaging, Radboud University Medical Center, P.O. Box 
9101, 6500 HB, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.

BACKGROUND: This study assessed the feasibility of acquiring single-attempt 
access to the pelvicalyceal system during percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL) 
using stereotactic optical navigation combined with cone-beam CT (CBCT) imaging.
METHODS: Patients with a PCNL indication were prospectively included in this IRB 
approved study. After sterile preparation, fiducial markers were attached to 
patients' skin. An initial intraprocedural CBCT scan was acquired, on which the 
urologist planned the needle trajectory using the navigation software. After 
verifying that no critical structures were crossed, the needle guide was aligned 
with the plan. A needle was manually inserted through the needle guide to the 
indicated depth and a second CBCT scan was performed for needle position 
confirmation. Both, scanning and needle insertion, were performed under apnea. 
The study evaluated technical success, accuracy, procedure time, complication 
rate, and radiation dose.
RESULTS: Between June 2022 and April 2023, seven patients were included. In all 
patients, the navigation system allowed safe puncture. However, the technical 
success rate was only 29%. In 42% of the cases, pelvicalyceal access was 
achieved by a small manual adjustment. In the remaining 29%, the needle was 
retracted and positioned per clinical standard. The average deviation between 
the needle and target was 5.9 ± 2.3 mm. The average total procedure time was 
211 ± 44 min. The average radiation exposure was 6.4 mSv, with CBCT scanning 
contributing to 82% of this exposure.
CONCLUSIONS: The optical navigation system facilitated safe needle insertion but 
did not consistently ensure accurate one-attempt needle positioning for PCNL. 
Real-time visualization and trajectory correction may improve the technical 
success rate.

© 2024. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1007/s00345-024-04870-0
PMCID: PMC10954992
PMID: 38507097 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: J. J. F. reports grants from Siemens 
Healthineers outside the submitted work. The other authors declare no conflict 
of interest.


57. Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2024 Mar;28(5):1639. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202403_35572.

Retraction Note: MiR-221 inhibits proliferation of pancreatic cancer cells via 
down regulation of SOCS3.

Xie J(1), Wen JT, Xue XJ, Zhang KP, Wang XZ, Cheng HH.

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Xingtai People's Hospital, Xingtai, Hubei, China.

Retraction of
    Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2018 Apr;22(7):1914-1921. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_201804_14714.

The article "MiR-221 inhibits proliferation of pancreatic cancer cells via down 
regulation of SOCS3", by J. Xie, J.-T. Wen, X.-J. Xue, K.-P. Zhang, X.-Z. Wang, 
H.-H. Cheng, published in Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci 2018; 22 (7): 1914-1921-DOI: 
10.26355/eurrev_201804_14714-PMID: 29687843 has been retracted by the Editor in 
Chief for misconduct and data fabrication. An investigation conducted by the 
National Health Commission of the People's Republic of China, determined that 
the information and images presented in the paper have been manipulated, pieced 
together, and subjected to various fraudulent alterations. Consequently, the 
Editor in Chief mistrusts the results presented and has decided to withdraw the 
articles. The corresponding authors did not respond to journal correspondence 
about the investigation and retraction of this article. This article has been 
withdrawn. The Publisher apologizes for any inconvenience this may cause. 
https://www.europeanreview.org/article/14714.

DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_202403_35572
PMID: 38497847


58. Radiother Oncol. 2024 Jun;195:110225. doi: 10.1016/j.radonc.2024.110225. Epub 
2024 Mar 14.

Proposals for the delineation of neck clinical target volume for definitive 
Radiation therapy in patients with oral/ oropharyngeal squamous cell cancer 
based on lymph node distribution.

Liu YC(1), Zhang X(2), Yang HN(3), Zhang L(3), Li D(4), Yang MQ(4), Wang NH(3), 
Wu YZ(5), Sui JD(6), Wang Y(7).

Author information:
(1)College of Medicine, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China. Electronic 
address: liuyunchang1010@163.com.
(2)Radiation Oncology Center, Chongqing University Cancer Hospital, Chongqing, 
China. Electronic address: zhangxin9964@cqu.edu.cn.
(3)College of Medicine, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.
(4)Radiation Oncology Center, Chongqing University Cancer Hospital, Chongqing, 
China.
(5)College of Medicine, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China; Radiation 
Oncology Center, Chongqing University Cancer Hospital, Chongqing, China.
(6)College of Medicine, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China; Radiation 
Oncology Center, Chongqing University Cancer Hospital, Chongqing, China. 
Electronic address: jiangdong.sui@cqu.edu.cn.
(7)College of Medicine, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China; Radiation 
Oncology Center, Chongqing University Cancer Hospital, Chongqing, China. 
Electronic address: wangy123@cqu.edu.cn.

PURPOSE/OBJECTIVE(S): To establish the distribution pattern of cervical lymph 
node metastasis (LNM) and propose optimized clinical target volume (CTV) 
boundaries specific to oral/ oropharyngeal squamous cell cancer (OSCC/OPSCC).
MATERIALS/METHODS: 531 patients with pathologically confirmed OSCC/OPSCC were 
enrolled from January 2013 to June 2022. Patients were stratified into two 
groups based on the minimal distance from the lesion's edge to the body's 
midline: ≤1 cm or > 1 cm. The geometric center of cervical metastatic LN was 
marked on a template CT. LN distribution probability maps were established. The 
relationships between the LN distribution and consensus guidelines were analyzed 
to propose modifications for CTV boundaries specific to OSCC/OPSCC.
RESULTS: A total of 1962 positive LNs were enrolled. Compared with the > 1 cm 
group, the ≤ 1 cm group has following feature tendencies: male smokers, younger, 
median organs, large gross lesion, infiltrative growth pattern, contralateral 
LNM. The most frequently involved level of LNM was ipsilateral II, but 
ipsilateral Ib had the highest involvement rate in the > 1 cm OSCC group. In 
addition, tongue cancer had a higher incidence of LN extranodal extension (ENE), 
which mainly distributes in ipsilateral level II. The skip metastasis was prone 
to from level III to Vb (3.5 %) in LN(+)/ENE (-), and level Ib to VIa (3.7 %) in 
LN(+)/ENE (+). Accordingly, we proposed the following modifications: 1. only 
including lateral and posterior margin of submandibular gland within 5 mm; 2. 
retracting posterior boundary of level II to front edge of levator scapula 
muscle, and descending the upper boundary to transverse process of C2 vertebra 
only for OSCC; 3. including posterior third of thyroglossal muscle or anterior 
edge of sternocleidomastoid muscle; 4. sparing level Va in case of only level II 
involvement; 5. including upper area of the thyroid cartilage plate in case of 
level Ib LN(+)/ENE (+); 6. sparing level VIIa is considered.
CONCLUSION: This is the first description of LN topographic spread patterns for 
OSCC/OPSCC. Modified CTV for prophylactic irradiation was proposed to spare the 
organs at risk and minimize adverse effects.

Copyright © 2024 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.radonc.2024.110225
PMID: 38490491 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors 
declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal 
relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this 
paper.


59. Front Oncol. 2023 May 25;13:1205993. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2023.1205993. eCollection 
2023.

Retraction: Akt inhibition enhanced the growth inhibition effect of low-dose 
heavy-ion radiation via the PI3K/Akt/P53 signaling pathway in C6 glioblastoma 
cells.

Frontiers Editorial Office.

Retraction of
    Front Oncol. 2021 Apr 01;11:649176. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2021.649176.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2021.649176.].

Copyright © 2023 Frontiers Editorial Office.

DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2023.1205993
PMCID: PMC10938348
PMID: 38486935


60. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Stress Chaperones. 2024 Apr;29(2):349-357. doi: 
10.1016/j.cstres.2024.03.003. Epub 2024 Mar 12.

Role of mitochondria in doxorubicin-mediated cardiotoxicity: From molecular 
mechanisms to therapeutic strategies.

Wang T(1), Xing G(1), Fu T(2), Ma Y(3), Wang Q(1), Zhang S(3), Chang X(4), Tong 
Y(5).

Author information:
(1)First Affiliated Hospital, Heilongjiang University of Chinese Medicine, 
Harbin, China.
(2)Brandeis University, Waltham, MA, USA.
(3)Heilongjiang University of Chinese Medicine, Harbin, China.
(4)Department of Cardiology, Guang'anmen Hospital, China Academy of Chinese 
Medical Sciences, Beijing, China. Electronic address: xingchang_tcm@outlook.com.
(5)First Affiliated Hospital, Heilongjiang University of Chinese Medicine, 
Harbin, China. Electronic address: tongying@hljucm.edu.cn.

Retraction in
    Cell Stress Chaperones. 2024 Oct;29(5):641. doi: 
10.1016/j.cstres.2024.08.003.

This comprehensive review delves into the pivotal role of mitochondria in 
doxorubicin-induced cardiotoxicity, a significant complication limiting the 
clinical use of this potent anthracycline chemotherapeutic agent. Doxorubicin, 
while effective against various malignancies, is associated with dose-dependent 
cardiotoxicity, potentially leading to irreversible cardiac damage. The review 
meticulously dissects the molecular mechanisms underpinning this cardiotoxicity, 
particularly focusing on mitochondrial dysfunction, a central player in this 
adverse effect. Central to the discussion is the concept of mitochondrial 
quality control, including mitochondrial dynamics (fusion/fission balance) and 
mitophagy. The review presents evidence linking aberrations in these processes 
to cardiotoxicity in doxorubicin-treated patients. It elucidates how doxorubicin 
disrupts mitochondrial dynamics, leading to an imbalance between mitochondrial 
fission and fusion, and impairs mitophagy, culminating in the accumulation of 
dysfunctional mitochondria and subsequent cardiac cell damage. Furthermore, the 
review explores emerging therapeutic strategies targeting mitochondrial 
dysfunction. It highlights the potential of modulating mitochondrial dynamics 
and enhancing mitophagy to mitigate doxorubicin-induced cardiac damage. These 
strategies include pharmacological interventions with mitochondrial fission 
inhibitors, fusion promoters, and agents that modulate mitophagy. The review 
underscores the promising results from preclinical studies while advocating for 
more extensive clinical trials to validate these approaches in human patients. 
In conclusion, this review offers valuable insights into the intricate 
relationship between mitochondrial dysfunction and doxorubicin-mediated 
cardiotoxicity. It underscores the need for continued research into targeted 
mitochondrial therapies as a means to improve the cardiac safety profile of 
doxorubicin, thereby enhancing the overall treatment outcomes for cancer 
patients.

Copyright © 2024. Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.cstres.2024.03.003
PMCID: PMC10999808
PMID: 38485043 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declarations of interest None of the authors 
declare any potential conflict of interest.


61. J Appl Physiol (1985). 2024 May 1;136(5):1076-1086. doi: 
10.1152/japplphysiol.00538.2023. Epub 2024 Mar 14.

Chemoradiation to the submental muscles alters hyoid movement during swallowing 
in a rat model.

King SN(1), Kuntz A(1), Scott N(1), Smiley B(1), Portocarrero Bonifaz A(2), 
Blackburn M(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery and Communicative 
Disorders, School of Medicine, University of Louisville, Louisville, Kentucky, 
United States.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, School of Medicine, University of 
Louisville, Louisville, Kentucky, United States.

Hyolaryngeal dysfunction is a commonly reported swallowing problem after 
chemoradiation treatment for head and neck cancer. The displacement of the 
hyolaryngeal complex during swallowing protects the airway and assists in 
opening the upper esophageal sphincter. Activation of the submental muscles, 
specifically the mylohyoid and geniohyoid muscles, is thought to facilitate 
movement of the hyoid. The purpose of this study was to determine if targeted 
radiation to the submental muscles given concurrently with chemotherapy alters 
hyolaryngeal displacement 1 mo after treatment. We hypothesized that 
chemoradiation treatment would result in abnormal patterns of hyoid movement 
compared with controls. Furthermore, we propose that these changes are 
associated with alterations in bolus size and discoordination of the jaw during 
drinking. Eighteen rats underwent either chemoradiation, radiation, or no 
treatment. Radiation treatment was targeted to submental muscles using a 
clinical linear accelerator given in 12 fractions of 4 Gy (3 days per week). 
Cycles of 1 mg/kg of cisplatin were administered concurrently each week of 
radiation. One month posttreatment, videofluoroscopy swallow studies (VFSS) were 
performed in self-drinking rats using a fluoroscope customized with a high-speed 
camera. The hyoid, jaw, and hard palate were tracked during swallowing from 
VFSS. Hyoid kinematics were analyzed from the start to the end of hyoid 
movement, and parameters were compared with bolus size and jaw movement. 
Significant differences in hyoid retraction parameters were found 
postchemoradiation. Alterations in the trajectory of hyoid motion during 
swallowing were observed. The findings demonstrate early changes in hyoid motion 
during swallowing associated with chemoradiation treatment.NEW & NOTEWORTHY 
Chemoradiation treatment for head and neck cancer can cause functional 
impairments in swallowing, which can adversely affect quality of life. This 
study provides new evidence that chemoradiation targeted to the submental 
muscles provokes early adaptations in hyoid movement during swallowing, which 
correlate with changes in bolus size. We also demonstrate a method for tracking 
the hyoid during swallowing in a rat model of chemoradiation injury.

DOI: 10.1152/japplphysiol.00538.2023
PMCID: PMC11365551
PMID: 38482576 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: No conflicts of interest, financial or 
otherwise, are declared by the authors.


62. Eur J Pharmacol. 2024 Apr 15;969:176350. doi: 10.1016/j.ejphar.2024.176350. Epub 
2024 Mar 7.

Retraction notice to "Evaluation of the treatment strategies on patient-derived 
xenograft mice of human breast tumor" [Eur. J. Pharmacol. 889 (2020) 173605].

Khalighfard S(1), Alizadeh AM(2), Poorkhani A(3), Motahari M(4), Tahmasebifar 
A(4), Omranipour R(5), Keshavarz P(6), Haddad P(7).

Author information:
(1)Radiation Oncology Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran. Electronic address: aalizadeh@sina.tums.ac.ir.
(2)Breast Disease Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran; Cancer Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran.
(3)Clinical Research Development Unit (CRDU), Sayad Shirazi Hospital, Golestan 
University of Medical Sciences, Gorgan, Iran.
(4)Ischemic Disorders Research Center, Golestan University of Medical Sciences, 
Gorgan, Iran.
(5)Breast Disease Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran.
(6)Department of Radiology, Tbilisi State Medical University (TSMU), Tbilisi, 
Georgia.
(7)Radiation Oncology Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran.

Retraction of
    Eur J Pharmacol. 2020 Dec 15;889:173605. doi: 10.1016/j.ejphar.2020.173605.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ejphar.2024.176350
PMID: 38458940


63. Eur J Pharmacol. 2024 Apr 15;969:176349. doi: 10.1016/j.ejphar.2024.176349. Epub 
2024 Mar 7.

Retraction notice to "Enhancement of resistance to chemo-radiation by 
hsa-miR-1290 expression in glioblastoma cells" [Eur. J. Pharmacol. 880 (2020) 
173144].

Khalighfard S(1), Kalhori MR(2), Haddad P(3), Khori V(4), Alizadeh AM(5).

Author information:
(1)Radiation Oncology Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran; Breast Disease Research Center, Tehran University of Medical 
Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(2)Medical Biology Research Center, Kermanshah University of Medical Sciences, 
Kermanshah, Iran.
(3)Radiation Oncology Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran.
(4)Ischemic Disorders Research Center, Golestan University of Medical Sciences, 
Gorgan, Iran.
(5)Breast Disease Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran; Cancer Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran. Electronic address: aalizadeh@sina.tums.ac.ir.

Retraction of
    Eur J Pharmacol. 2020 Aug 5;880:173144. doi: 10.1016/j.ejphar.2020.173144.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ejphar.2024.176349
PMID: 38458939


64. Oncogene. 2024 Apr;43(15):1161. doi: 10.1038/s41388-024-02997-3.

Retraction Note: The long noncoding RNA CRYBG3 induces aneuploidy by interfering 
with spindle assembly checkpoint via direct binding with Bub3.

Guo Z(1)(2), Dai Y(1), Hu W(1), Zhang Y(3), Cao Z(3), Pei W(1), Liu N(1), Nie 
J(1), Wu A(1), Mao W(3), Chang L(1), Li B(1), Pei H(4), Hei TK(5), Zhou G(6).

Author information:
(1)State Key Laboratory of Radiation Medicine and Protection, School of 
Radiation Medicine and Protection, Institute of Space Life Sciences, Medical 
College of Soochow University, Collaborative Innovation Center of Radiological 
Medicine of Jiangsu Higher Education Institutions, Suzhou, 215123, China.
(2)Center for Radiological Research, College of Physician and Surgeons, Columbia 
University Medical Center, New York, NY, USA.
(3)Department of Pathology, the Second Affiliated Hospital, Medical College of 
Soochow University, Suzhou, 215123, China.
(4)State Key Laboratory of Radiation Medicine and Protection, School of 
Radiation Medicine and Protection, Institute of Space Life Sciences, Medical 
College of Soochow University, Collaborative Innovation Center of Radiological 
Medicine of Jiangsu Higher Education Institutions, Suzhou, 215123, China. 
hlpei@suda.edu.cn.
(5)Center for Radiological Research, College of Physician and Surgeons, Columbia 
University Medical Center, New York, NY, USA. tkh1@cumc.columbia.edu.
(6)State Key Laboratory of Radiation Medicine and Protection, School of 
Radiation Medicine and Protection, Institute of Space Life Sciences, Medical 
College of Soochow University, Collaborative Innovation Center of Radiological 
Medicine of Jiangsu Higher Education Institutions, Suzhou, 215123, China. 
gmzhou@suda.edu.cn.

Retraction of
    Oncogene. 2021 Mar;40(10):1821-1835. doi: 10.1038/s41388-020-01601-8.

DOI: 10.1038/s41388-024-02997-3
PMCID: PMC10997504
PMID: 38443684


65. J Chem Inf Model. 2024 Mar 25;64(6):1816-1827. doi: 10.1021/acs.jcim.3c01286. 
Epub 2024 Mar 4.

Predicting Cardiotoxicity of Molecules Using Attention-Based Graph Neural 
Networks.

Vinh T(1), Nguyen L(2), Trinh QH(3), Nguyen-Vo TH(2)(4), Nguyen BP(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Chemistry, Emory University, 201 Dowman Drive, Atlanta, Georgia 
30322-1007, United States.
(2)School of Mathematics and Statistics, Victoria University of Wellington, 
Kelburn Parade, Wellington 6012, New Zealand.
(3)School of Information and Communication Technology, Hanoi University of 
Science and Technology, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam.
(4)School of Innovation, Design and Technology, Wellington Institute of 
Technology, 21 Kensington Avenue, Lower Hutt 5012, New Zealand.

In drug discovery, the search for new and effective medications is often 
hindered by concerns about toxicity. Numerous promising molecules fail to pass 
the later phases of drug development due to strict toxicity assessments. This 
challenge significantly increases the cost, time, and human effort needed to 
discover new therapeutic molecules. Additionally, a considerable number of drugs 
already on the market have been withdrawn or re-evaluated because of their 
unwanted side effects. Among the various types of toxicity, drug-induced heart 
damage is a severe adverse effect commonly associated with several medications, 
especially those used in cancer treatments. Although a number of computational 
approaches have been proposed to identify the cardiotoxicity of molecules, the 
performance and interpretability of the existing approaches are limited. In our 
study, we proposed a more effective computational framework to predict the 
cardiotoxicity of molecules using an attention-based graph neural network. 
Experimental results indicated that the proposed framework outperformed the 
other methods. The stability of the model was also confirmed by our experiments. 
To assist researchers in evaluating the cardiotoxicity of molecules, we have 
developed an easy-to-use online web server that incorporates our model.

DOI: 10.1021/acs.jcim.3c01286
PMID: 38438914 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


66. Yakugaku Zasshi. 2024;144(3):265-271. doi: 10.1248/yakushi.23-00164-3.

[Prediction of Cardiac Toxicity by Anti-cancer Drugs Using iPSC Cardiomyocytes].

[Article in Japanese]

Yanagida S(1)(2), Kanda Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Division of Pharmacology, National Institute of Health Sciences.
(2)Graduate School of Biomedical and Health Sciences (Pharmaceutical Sciences), 
Hiroshima University.

Recent advances in cancer therapy have significantly improved the survival rate 
of patients with cancer. In contrast, anti-cancer drug-induced adverse effects, 
especially cardiotoxicity, have come to affect patients' prognosis and quality 
of life. Therefore, there is a growing need to understand the anti-cancer 
drug-induced cardiotoxicity. Human induced pluripotent stem (iPS) cell-derived 
cardiomyocytes (hiPSC-CMs) have been used to assess drug-induced cardiotoxicity 
by improving the predictability of clinical cardiotoxicity and the principles of 
the 3Rs (replacement, reduction and refinement). To predict the anti-cancer 
drug-induced cardiotoxicity, we developed a novel method to assess drug-induced 
proarrhythmia risk using hiPSC-CMs by participating in the international 
validation. In addition, we established the chronic contractility toxicity 
assessment by image-based motion analysis. The compound BMS-986094, which was 
withdrawn from clinical trials, inhibited contractility velocity and relaxation 
velocity in hiPSC-CMs. Currently, we are trying to investigate the 
predictability of the contractility assay by comparing the hiPSC-CM data with 
adverse events reports from real-world database. In this review, we would like 
to introduce the novel imaging-based contractility method using hiPSC-CMs and 
future perspectives in anti-cancer drug-induced cardiotoxicity.

DOI: 10.1248/yakushi.23-00164-3
PMID: 38432935 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


67. Adv Radiat Oncol. 2024 Jan 1;9(4):101430. doi: 10.1016/j.adro.2023.101430. 
eCollection 2024 Apr.

Acute Toxicity of Total Body Irradiation Using Volumetric Arc Therapy With a 
Focus on the Effect of Lung Dose Rate.

Melton MK(1), Stanley DN(1), Iqbal Z(2), Keene KS(1), Simiele E(1), McDonald 
A(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Alabama at Birmingham, 
Birmingham, Alabama.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas Southwestern, 
Dallas, Texas.

PURPOSE: To report adverse effects of high dose total body irradiation (TBI) 
delivered using a volumetric arc therapy (VMAT) technique and to assess 
pulmonary toxicity at dose rates of 40 and 100 monitor units per minute 
(MU/min).
METHODS AND MATERIALS: This retrospective study included patients >18 years old 
who received ≥8 Gy TBI using a VMAT technique. The TBI dose was prescribed to a 
planning target volume consisting of a 0.5 cm retraction of the body with the 
lungs subtracted. The objective function specified planning target volume 
coverage goals of D100% ≥ 90% and Dmax <130%. A lung dose control structure 
consisting of a 1 cm retraction of the lung volume was limited to Dmean <75%. 
Treatments were initially delivered with a dose rate of 40 MU/min for the 
thoracic isocenters and 100 MU/min for the other isocenters. Beginning in 
January 2021, a dose rate of 100 MU/min was used for all isocenters. All 
treatments were administered in 2 Gy fractions delivered twice daily. Acute 
toxicity was assessed for 30 days after TBI.
RESULTS: A total of 29 patients were included in this analysis who received TBI 
between January 2019 and October 2021. Prescription dose ranged from 8 to 12 Gy. 
Mean lung dose was 7.9 Gy (SD, 1.4 Gy) for patients treated at 40 MU/min and for 
patients treated at 100 MU/min 7.1 Gy (SD, 1.3 Gy). Mucositis was the most 
common grade 3 toxicity and occurred in 10 (34%) patients. Only 1 instance of 
pneumonitis was observed and occurred in a patient who received a mean lung dose 
of 10.1 Gy delivered at 40 MU/min.
CONCLUSIONS: In this cohort of patients who received high dose TBI using a VMAT 
technique, the composite rate of acute toxicity was not unexpectedly high. We 
did not observe an increase in lung toxicity after increasing the dose rate of 
the thoracic isocenters from 40 MU/min to 100 MU/min.

© 2023 The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1016/j.adro.2023.101430
PMCID: PMC10882112
PMID: 38406392

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no known 
competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared 
to influence the work reported in this paper.


68. Adv Radiat Oncol. 2023 Sep 1;9(2):101367. doi: 10.1016/j.adro.2023.101367. 
eCollection 2024 Feb.

Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy (SBRT) for Hepatocellular Carcinoma (HCC) 
With Single Photon Emission Computed Tomography (SPECT) Functional Treatment 
Planning in Patients With Advanced Hepatic Cirrhosis.

Kirichenko A(1), Uemura T(2), Liang Y(1), Hasan S(3), Abel S(1), Renz P(1), 
Shamsesfandabadi P(1), Carpenter J(2), Yin Y(4), Thai N(2).

Author information:
(1)Division of Radiation Oncology, Allegheny Health Network Cancer Institute, 
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
(2)Division of Abdominal Transplantation and Hepato-Biliary Surgery, Allegheny 
General Hospital, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
(3)New York Proton Center, New York, New York.
(4)Allegheny-Singer Research Institute, Biostatistics, Allegheny Health Network, 
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

PURPOSE: We report on the feasibility and outcomes of liver stereotactic body 
radiation therapy (SBRT) for hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) with single-photon 
emission computed tomography (SPECT) functional treatment planning in patients 
with Child-Pugh (CP) B/C cirrhosis.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: Liver SPECT with 99mTc-sulfur colloid was coregistered to 
treatment planning computed tomography (CT) for the guided avoidance of 
functional hepatic parenchyma during SBRT. Functional liver volumes (FLVs) 
obtained from SPECT were compared with anatomic liver volumes defined on the 
planning CT. Radiation dose constraints were adapted exclusively to FLV. Local 
control, toxicity, and survival were reported with at least 6 months of 
radiographic follow-up. Pre- and posttransplant outcomes were analyzed in a 
subset of patients who completed SBRT as a bridge to liver transplant. Model of 
End-Stage Liver Disease was used to score hepatic function before and after SBRT 
completion.
RESULTS: With a median follow-up of 32 months, 45 patients (58 lesions) with HCC 
and CP-B/C cirrhosis received SBRT to a median dose of 45 Gy (3-5 fractions). 
FLV loss (34%, P < .001) was observed in all patients, and the functional and 
anatomic liver volumes matched well in a control group of noncirrhotic/non-HCC 
patients. Despite marked functional parenchyma retraction, the amount of FLV on 
SPECT exposed to the threshold irradiation was significantly less than the CT 
liver volumes (P < .001) because of the optimized beam placement during 
dosimetry planning. Twenty-three patients (51%) successfully completed 
orthotopic liver transplant, with a median time to transplant of 9.2 months. 
With 91% in-field local control, the overall 2-year survival was 65% (90% after 
the orthotopic liver transplant), with no incidence of radiation-induced liver 
disease observed within 3 to 4 months or accelerated CP class migration from B 
to C within the first 6 months post-SBRT. Mean Model of End-Stage Liver 
Disease-Na score was not significantly elevated at 3-month intervals after SBRT 
completion.
CONCLUSIONS: Functional treatment planning with 99mTc sulfur colloid SPECT/CT 
allows identification and avoidance of functional hepatic parenchyma in patients 
with CP-B/C cirrhosis, leading to low toxicity and satisfactory transplant 
outcomes.

© 2023 The Authors.

DOI: 10.1016/j.adro.2023.101367
PMCID: PMC10885583
PMID: 38405302


69. Zhongguo Xiu Fu Chong Jian Wai Ke Za Zhi. 2024 Feb 15;38(2):133-139. doi: 
10.7507/1002-1892.202311062.

[Repairing partial suprahyoid epiglottis-preserved circumferential defect in 
near total laryngectomy with anterior medial thigh flap in advanced laryngeal 
cancer].

[Article in Chinese; Abstract available in Chinese from the publisher]

Yang L(1), Li W(1), Zheng Y(1), Ji L(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery, West China Hospital, 
Sichuan University, Chengdu Sichuan, 610041, P. R. China.
(2)Department of Radiology, West China Hospital, Sichuan University, Chengdu 
Sichuan, 610041, P. R. China.

OBJECTIVE: To explore the feasibility to restore pronunciation function by 
repairing partial suprahyoid epiglottis-preserved circumferential defect in near 
total laryngectomy with anterior medial thigh flap in advanced laryngeal cancer.
METHODS: A retrospective study of 5 male patients with advanced laryngeal cancer 
between August 2019 and October 2022, aged 56-73 years, with an average age of 
65 years were reviewed. The disease duration ranged from 3 to 24 months, with an 
average of 8 months. Tumor classification by location: 2 cases of glottic type, 
2 cases of supraglottic type, and 1 case of subglottic type; TNM staging: 3 
cases of T 4N 0M 0 stage, 1 case of T 4N 1M 0 stage, and 1 case of T 4N 2M 0 
stage; American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC) staging (2017): stage Ⅳ. Near 
total laryngectomy with partial suprahyoid epiglottis-preserved and selective 
bilateral neck dissection were performed before the anterior medial thigh flap 
was used to repair the circumferential defects. The flap size ranged from 6 cm×5 
cm to 8 cm×6 cm. Four patients underwent adjuvant radiotherapy and chemotherapy 
after operation, while 1 patient did not receive any other adjuvant treatment 
such as radiochemotherapy.
RESULTS: The flaps of all 5 patients survived without obvious neck infection. 
One patient developed a slight pharyngeal fistula after oral feeding at 1 month 
after operation, which healed after another week of gastric feeding. Primary 
healing also achieved in the thigh donor area. One patient had bilateral 
cervical lymph node metastasis, and 1 patient had lymph node metastasis on one 
side. The remaining 3 patients had no cervical nodes metastasis on both sides. 
All 5 patients were followed up 12-36 months, with an average of 27.6 months. 
Four patients had clear, audible, and hoarse voice while 1 patient (case 3) had 
pronunciation similar to whispering. Laryngoscopy showed that the reconstructed 
laryngeal inlet was fissure-shape and the reconstructed laryngo-trachea canal 
below the laryngeal inlet was gradually enlarged. At 1 month after operation, 
the gastric tube was withdrawn and the food was taken orally. There was no 
obvious aspiration pneumonia. The tracheostomy tube could be blocked in 4 
patients for from 30 seconds to 3 minutes. Among them, 3 patients were able to 
make a noticeable pronunciation even when the tube was not blocked, and they 
were able to engage in barrier-free language communication; the tracheostomy 
tube could not be blocked in 1 patient who had a pronunciation similar to 
whispering. Preliminary voice analysis showed that the patients have a relaxed 
and natural pronunciation, without obvious breath-holding or air-swallowing 
movement, compared to patients with esophageal pronunciation. Decannulation did 
not achieved until the last follow-up in all 5 patients.
CONCLUSION: The anterior medial thigh flap can repair circumferential defects 
after near total laryngectomy in advanced laryngeal cancer patients and achieve 
satisfactory pronunciation, thus can serve as an effective pronunciation 
rehabilitation method. The preserved part of epiglottis may play a role to 
prevent postoperative aspiration.

Publisher: 目的: 探讨股前内侧皮瓣修复晚期喉癌患者保留舌骨上部分会厌的近全喉切除后环周缺损，重建发音功能的可行性。.
方法: 
回顾分析2019年8月—2022年10月5例晚期喉癌男性患者临床资料，年龄56～73岁，平均65岁。病程3～24个月，平均8个月。肿瘤按部位分型：声门型2例、声门上型2例、声门下型1例；TNM分期：T 
4N 0M 0期3例、T 4N 1M 0期1例、T 4N 2M 
0期1例；美国癌症联合会（AJCC）分期（2017）均为Ⅳ期。行保留舌骨上部分会厌的近全喉切除+双侧择区颈部淋巴结清扫术，以股前内侧皮瓣修复重建近全喉切除术后环周缺损，皮瓣切取范围6 
cm×5 cm～8 cm×6 cm。术后4例患者补充放化疗，1例未补充放化疗等其他治疗。.
结果: 
术后所有皮瓣均成活，无明显颈部感染。1例患者术后1个月经口进食发生轻微咽瘘，再次经胃管进食1周后咽瘘愈合。大腿供区创面Ⅰ期愈合。1例患者双侧颈部淋巴结转移，1例一侧颈部淋巴结转移；余3例双侧颈部淋巴结无转移。5例患者均获随访，随访时间12～36个月，平均27.6个月。4例患者发音清晰可闻、声音嘶哑，1例（例3）发音类似耳语。纤维喉镜检查示重建的喉入口呈裂隙状，喉入口以下重建的喉气管腔逐渐增大。术后1个月拔除胃管经口进食，无明显吸入性肺炎发生。4例患者可以间断堵管，堵管时间30 
s～3 
min，其中3例不堵管时也能发出明显声音，患者可与人进行无障碍语言交流；1例发音类似耳语患者不能堵管。初步嗓音分析显示，患者发音轻松自然，无明显憋气或吞气动作。随访期间患者均未拔管。.
结论: 股前内侧皮瓣修复晚期喉癌患者近全喉切除术后环周缺损可取得满意的发音效果，能够作为一种有效的发音重建方法；保留的部分会厌可能对防止术后误吸起到一定作用。.

DOI: 10.7507/1002-1892.202311062
PMCID: PMC10882235
PMID: 38385223 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: 利益冲突　在课题研究和文章撰写过程中不存在利益冲突


70. JBJS Essent Surg Tech. 2023 Nov 15;13(4):e22.00022. doi: 
10.2106/JBJS.ST.22.00022. eCollection 2023 Oct-Dec.

Robotic-Assisted Single-Position Prone Lateral Lumbar Interbody Fusion: 
Indications, Techniques, and Outcomes.

Shafi K(1), Lovecchio F(1), Song J(1), Qureshi S(1).

Author information:
(1)Hospital for Special Surgery, New York, NY.

BACKGROUND: Lateral lumbar interbody fusion (LLIF) is a widely utilized 
minimally invasive surgical procedure for anterior fusion of the lumbar spine. 
However, posterior decompression or instrumentation often necessitates patient 
repositioning, which is associated with increased operative time and time under 
anesthesia1-3. The single-position prone transpsoas approach is a technique that 
allows surgeons to access both the anterior and posterior aspects of the spine, 
bypassing the need for intraoperative repositioning and therefore optimizing 
efficiency4. The use of robotic assistance allows for decreased radiation 
exposure and increased accuracy, both with placing instrumentation and 
navigating the lateral corridor.
DESCRIPTION: The patient is placed in the prone position, and pedicle screws are 
placed prior to interbody fusion. Pedicle screws are placed with robotic 
guidance. After posterior instrumentation, a skin incision for LLIF is made in 
the cephalocaudal direction, orthogonal to the disc space, with use of 
intraoperative (robotic) navigation. Fascia and abdominal muscles are incised to 
enter the retroperitoneal space. Under direct visualization, dilators are placed 
through the psoas muscle into the disc space, and an expandable retractor is 
placed and maintained with use of the robotic arm. Following a thorough 
discectomy, the disc space is sized with trial implants. The expandable cage is 
placed, and intraoperative fluoroscopy is utilized to verify good 
instrumentation positioning. Finally, posterior rods are placed percutaneously.
ALTERNATIVES: An alternative surgical approach is a traditional LLIF with the 
patient beginning in the lateral position, with intraoperative repositioning 
from the lateral to the prone position if circumferential fusion is warranted. 
Additional alternative surgical procedures include anterior or posterior lumbar 
interbody fusion techniques.
RATIONALE: LLIF is associated with reported advantages of decreased risks of 
vascular injury, visceral injury, dural tear, and perioperative infection5,6. 
The single-position prone transpsoas approach confers the added benefits of 
reduced operative time, anesthesia time, and surgical staffing requirements7. 
Other potential benefits of the prone lateral approach include improved lumbar 
lordosis correction, gravity-induced displacement of peritoneal contents, and 
ease of posterior decompression and instrumentation8-11. Additionally, the use 
of robotic assistance offers numerous benefits to minimally invasive techniques, 
including intraoperative navigation, instrumentation templating, a more 
streamlined workflow, and increased accuracy in placing instrumentation, while 
also providing a reduction in radiation exposure and operative time. In our 
experience, the table-mounted LLIF retractor has a tendency to drift toward the 
floor-i.e., anteriorly-when the patient is positioned prone, which may, in 
theory, increase the risk of iatrogenic bowel injury. The rigid robotic arm is 
much stiffer than the traditional retractor, thereby reducing this risk.
EXPECTED OUTCOMES: Compared with traditional LLIF, with the patient in the 
lateral and then prone positions, the single-position prone LLIF has been shown 
to have several benefits. Guiroy et al. performed a systematic review comparing 
single and dual-position LLIF and found that the single-position surgical 
procedure was associated with significantly lower operative time (103.1 versus 
306.6 minutes), estimated blood loss (97.3 versus 314.4 mL), and length of 
hospital stay (1.71 versus 4.08 days)17. Previous studies have reported improved 
control of segmental lordosis in the prone position, which may be advantageous 
for patients with sagittal imbalance18,19.
IMPORTANT TIPS: Adequate release of the deep fascial layers is critical for 
minimizing deflection of retractors and navigated instruments.The hip should be 
maximally extended to maximize lordosis, allowing for posterior translation of 
the femoral nerve and increasing the width of the lateral corridor.A bolster is 
placed against the rib cage to provide resistance to the laterally directed 
force when impacting the graft.The cranial and caudal limits of the approach are 
bounded by the ribcage and iliac crest; thus, surgery at the upper or lower 
lumbar levels may not be feasible for this approach. Preoperative radiographs 
should be evaluated to determine the feasibility of this approach at the 
intended levels.When operating at the L4-L5 disc space, posterior retraction 
places substantial tension on the femoral nerve. Thus, retractor time should be 
minimized as much as possible and limited to a maximum of approximately 20 
minutes20-22.A depth of field (distance from the midline to the flank) of 
approximately 20 cm may be the limit for this approach with the current length 
of retractor blades19.In robotic-assisted surgical procedures, minor position 
shifts in surface landmarks, the robotic arm, or the patient may substantially 
impact the navigation software. It is critical for the patient and navigation 
components to remain fixed throughout the operation.In addition to somatosensory 
evoked potential and electromyographic monitoring, additional motor evoked 
potential neuromonitoring or monitoring of the saphenous nerve may be 
considered22.In the prone position, the tendency is for the retractor to migrate 
superficially and anteriorly. It is critical to be aware of this tendency and to 
maintain stable retractor positioning.
ACRONYMS AND ABBREVIATIONS: LLIF = lateral lumbar interbody fusionMIS = 
minimally invasive surgeryPTP = prone transpsoasy.o. = years oldASIS = anterior 
superior iliac spinePSIS = posterior superior iliac spineALIF = anterior lumbar 
interbody fusionTLIF = transforaminal lumbar interbody fusionMEP = motor evoked 
potentialSSEP = somatosensory evoked potentialEMG = electromyographyCT = 
computed tomographyMRI = magnetic resonance imagingOR = operating roomPOD = 
postoperative dayIVC = inferior vena cavaA. = aortaPS. = psoas.

Copyright © 2023 by The Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery, Incorporated.

DOI: 10.2106/JBJS.ST.22.00022
PMCID: PMC10863943
PMID: 38357472

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure: The Disclosure of Potential 
Conflicts of Interest forms are provided with the online version of the article 
(http://links.lww.com/JBJSEST/A425).


71. Sci Rep. 2024 Feb 14;14(1):3708. doi: 10.1038/s41598-024-54118-5.

Retraction Note: Optical and structural properties of Sn and Ag-doped PbS/PVA 
nanocomposites synthesized by chemical bath deposition.

Fatemi A(1), Tohidi T(2), Jamshidi-Galeh K(3), Rasouli M(4)(5), Ostrikov K(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Physics, Azarbaijan Shahid Madani University, Tabriz, Iran. 
ali.fatemi@azaruniv.ac.ir.
(2)Northwest Research Complex (Bonab), Radiation Applications Research School, 
Nuclear Science and Technology Research Institute (NSTRI), Tehran, Iran. 
ttohidi@aeoi.org.ir.
(3)Department of Physics, Azarbaijan Shahid Madani University, Tabriz, Iran.
(4)Department of Physics, Kharazmi University, Tehran, Iran. 
miladrasouli@outlook.com.
(5)Department of Physics, Science and Research Branch, Islamic Azad University, 
Tehran, Iran. miladrasouli@outlook.com.
(6)School of Chemistry and Physics and QUT Centre for Materials Science, 
Queensland University of Technology (QUT), Brisbane, Australia.

Retraction of
    Sci Rep. 2022 Jul 28;12(1):12893. doi: 10.1038/s41598-022-16666-6.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-024-54118-5
PMCID: PMC10866957
PMID: 38355718


72. Folia Med (Plovdiv). 2023 Dec 31;65(6):1011-1014. doi: 10.3897/folmed.65.e96190.

Asynchronous bilateral male breast cancer. A rare case report.

Aleksiev T(1), Ivanova Z(1), Dobrev H(1).

Author information:
(1)Medical University of Plovdiv, Plovdiv, Bulgaria.

We describe a rare case of asynchronous bilateral carcinoma of the mammary 
glands in a 66-year-old man. The patient was admitted to the Department of 
Dermatology and Venereology due to exacerbation of chronic eczema. During the 
examination, a 3×2-cm tumor with retraction of the mammilla was found in the 
right mammary gland. Mastectomy and regional lymphatic dissection were 
performed. Histological examination showed invasive ductal carcinoma, ER (+) 
70%, PR (-), HER2 (-). Treatment included chemotherapy, radiotherapy, and 
hormone therapy. Three years later, the patient reported a lump in the left 
breast. The presence of a tumor formation was confirmed by mammography and 
ultrasound examination. A radical mastectomy with regional lymphatic dissection 
was performed. Histological examination showed invasive ductal carcinoma of the 
mammary gland, ER (3+) 80%, PP (2+) 60%, HER2 (+++), and Ki67 (+) 80%. Treatment 
with chemotherapy and radiation therapy was carried out. Five years after 
diagnosis of the second carcinoma, the patient is in a good general condition. 
Regardless of its rarity, the described case should draw doctors' attention to 
this pathology. Assessment of risk factors and periodic breast examination in 
men would allow early diagnosis, timely treatment, and better prognosis of the 
disease.

This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative 
Commons Attribution License (CC BY 4.0), which permits unrestricted use, 
distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and 
source are credited.

DOI: 10.3897/folmed.65.e96190
PMID: 38351793 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


73. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Rep. 2024 Feb 12;14(1):3486. doi: 10.1038/s41598-024-53304-9.

Preliminary risk assessment of in-vessel leakage accident in ITER.

Duan Q(1), Fang X(2)(3), Chen S(3), Xie H(1), Wang C(1), Wang D(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)State Key Laboratory of Nuclear Power Safety Monitoring Technology and 
Equipment, China Nuclear Power Engineering Co., Ltd., Shenzhen, 518172, China.
(2)Anhui Jianzhu University, Hefei, 230601, Anhui, China.
(3)Hefei Institutes of Physical Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Hefei, 
230031, Anhui, China.
(4)Anhui Jianzhu University, Hefei, 230601, Anhui, China. kingwangdagui@126.com.
(5)Hefei Institutes of Physical Science, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Hefei, 
230031, Anhui, China. kingwangdagui@126.com.

Retraction in
    Sci Rep. 2024 Jul 1;14(1):15012. doi: 10.1038/s41598-024-65933-1.

The ITER project is one of the largest international cooperative scientific 
projects in the world, aiming to verify the feasibility of magnetic confinement 
controlled nuclear fusion technology and provide a technical basis for the 
subsequent construction of fusion energy power stations. The success or failure 
of ITER will greatly affect the commercialization process of fusion energy. The 
probabilistic safety assessment (PSA) was a powerful means to evaluate the risk 
and reliability of nuclear facility and achieved great success in safety 
assessment of fission power plants. Based on this, the PSA progress for ITER was 
proposed in this paper. And the in-vessel leakage accident was investigated to 
verify the effectiveness of proposed method. The result shows the maximum 
possible radiological consequences of ITER in-vessel leakage accident of ITER is 
1.6E-3 mSv, and the frequencies of this consequence is 1.63E-8/year. The reason 
of this consequence was also discussed in this paper. Those result could provide 
some valuable reference for radiation risk assessment and safety supervision of 
fusion commercial reactor in the nuclear future.

© 2024. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-024-53304-9
PMCID: PMC10861554
PMID: 38347006

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


74. Med Dosim. 2024 Autumn;49(3):222-228. doi: 10.1016/j.meddos.2024.01.001. Epub 
2024 Feb 5.

Performance assessment of the surface-guided radiation therapy system: Varian 
Identify.

Ayrancıoğlu O(1), Ayrancıoğlu C(2), Arıkan ŞC(3), Alıcıkuş LZA(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, İzmir Tınaztepe University Galen Hospital, 
Izmir, Turkey. Electronic address: oguzhanayrancioglu@gmail.com.
(2)İzmir Tınaztepe University Vocational School, İzmir, Turkey.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, İzmir Tınaztepe University Galen Hospital, 
Izmir, Turkey.

Image-guided radiotherapy (IGRT) systems using ionizing radiation may increase 
the risk of secondary cancer and normal tissue toxicity due to additional 
radiation exposure caused by large field sizes or repeated scans during X-ray 
imaging. As an alternative to these modalities, surface-guided radiotherapy 
(SGRT) systems which do not employ ionizing radiation have been developed. This 
study presents a comprehensive performance evaluation of the Varian Identify 
SGRT system by using an anthropomorphic Alderson Rando phantom in three 
different aspects: (a) the accuracy and reproducibility of the system in 
different regions of interest (ROI) for varying couch displacements, (b) the 
setup accuracy of the system for patient positioning based on different computed 
tomography (CT) slice thicknesses, and (c) the potential influence of 
obstructing SGRT cameras by the gantry on the system's overall accuracy and 
reproducibility. The accuracy and reproducibility of the SGRT system fell within 
1 mm and 1°. Nevertheless, in certain situations, these values were observed to 
exceed prescribed limits. Consequently, concerning SGRT tolerance limits for 
treatment applications, careful consideration of ROIs and offset values of the 
system is crucial. We also recommend that patients should ideally be set up 
during 0° gantry rotation, and the on-board imaging (OBI) system should be 
retracted to prevent obstruction of the cameras. Additionally, reference CT 
images with a slice thickness of under 3 mm are recommended for this purpose.

Copyright © 2024 American Association of Medical Dosimetrists. Published by 
Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.meddos.2024.01.001
PMID: 38320884 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of interest The authors declare no 
conflicts of interest.


75. J Neurosurg Case Lessons. 2024 Feb 5;7(6):CASE23595. doi: 10.3171/CASE23595. 
Print 2024 Feb 5.

Laser interstitial thermal therapy as a radiation-sparing approach for central 
nervous system tumors in children with cancer predisposition syndromes: report 
of a child with Li-Fraumeni syndrome. Illustrative case.

Guadix SW(1), Pandey A(1), Gundlach C(1), Walsh M(2), Moss NS(2), Souweidane 
MM(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)1Department of Neurological Surgery, Weill Cornell Medicine, New York, New 
York; and.
(2)2Department of Neurosurgery, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New 
York, New York.

BACKGROUND: Ionizing radiation and alkylating chemotherapies increase secondary 
malignancy risk in patients with cancer predisposition syndromes (CPSs), such as 
Li-Fraumeni syndrome. Laser interstitial thermal therapy (LITT) is a minimally 
invasive ablation technique that has not been associated with mutagenic risks. 
We describe the case of a child with LFS and a history of treated choroid plexus 
carcinoma (CPC) who developed a second primary glial tumor that was safely 
treated with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-guided LITT.
OBSERVATIONS: A 4-year-old male with left parietal World Health Organization 
grade III CPC associated with a TP53 germline mutation was evaluated. The 
patient underwent neoadjuvant platinum-based chemotherapy before near-total 
resection, followed by 131I-8H9 immunotherapy and 30 fractions of 54-Gy proton 
radiotherapy. He remained without evidence of disease for 2 years before 
developing a slow-growing mass adjacent to the left frontal ventricular horn. 
Stereotactic biopsy revealed a glial neoplasm. Given the nonsuperficial location 
and focality of the lesion, MRI-guided LITT was performed for ablative therapy. 
There were no complications, and 2 years of surveillance revealed continued 
retraction of the ablated tumor focus and no subsequent disease.
LESSONS: Alternatives to mutagenic therapies for brain tumors should be explored 
for patients with CPS. LITT paired with imaging surveillance is a logical 
strategy to ensure durable outcomes and mitigate treatment-related secondary 
neoplasms.

DOI: 10.3171/CASE23595
PMCID: PMC10849145
PMID: 38315990

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosures Dr. Moss reported grants and 
consulting fees from AstraZeneca and grants from GT Medical Technologies outside 
the submitted work.


76. Emerg Med Int. 2024 Jan 24;2024:9795276. doi: 10.1155/2024/9795276. eCollection 
2024.

Retracted: Clinical Effect of Apatinib Mesylate Tablets Combined with Paclitaxel 
Concurrent Radiotherapy and Chemotherapy in the First-Line Treatment of Locally 
Advanced Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma.

International EM.

Retraction of
    Emerg Med Int. 2022 Aug 11;2022:6293816. doi: 10.1155/2022/6293816.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/6293816.].

Copyright © 2024 Emergency Medicine International.

DOI: 10.1155/2024/9795276
PMCID: PMC10830282
PMID: 38298972


77. Biomed Pharmacother. 2024 Feb;171:116189. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2024.116189. 
Epub 2024 Jan 30.

Retraction notice to "MiR-1290 promotes cancer progression by targeting nuclear 
factor I/X(NFIX) in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC)" [Biomed. 
Pharmacother. 76 (2015) 82-93].

Mao Y(1), Liu J(2), Zhang D(2), Li B(3).

Author information:
(1)Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and Hospital, National Clinical 
Research Center of Cancer, Key Laboratory of Cancer Prevention and Therapy, 
Tianjin, China; Department of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital and 
Institute, Jinan, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital and Institute, 
Jinan, China; School of Medicine and Life Sciences, University of Jinan-Shandong 
Academy of Medical Sciences, Jinan, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital and Institute, 
Jinan, China. Electronic address: baoshli1963@163.com.

Retraction of
    Biomed Pharmacother. 2015 Dec;76:82-93. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2015.10.005.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biopha.2024.116189
PMID: 38296731


78. Biomed Pharmacother. 2024 Feb;171:116187. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2024.116187. 
Epub 2024 Jan 30.

Retraction notice to "miR-217 inhibits proliferation, migration, and invasion 
via targeting AKT3 in thyroid cancer" [Biomed. Pharmacother. 95 (2017) 
1718-1724].

Lin Y(1), Cheng K(2), Wang T(3), Xie Q(3), Chen M(3), Chen Q(4), Wen Q(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Ultrasonography, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, 126 Xiantai Street, ErDao District, Changchun 13033, China.
(2)Department of Radiology, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University, 126 
Xiantai Street, ErDao District, Changchun 13033, China.
(3)Department of Nuclear Medicine, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, 126 Xiantai Street, ErDao District, Changchun 13033, China.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, 126 Xiantai Street, ErDao District, Changchun 13033, China. 
Electronic address: 39214306@qq.com.
(5)Department of Nuclear Medicine, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, 126 Xiantai Street, ErDao District, Changchun 13033, China. 
Electronic address: wenqiang54213@126.com.

Retraction of
    Biomed Pharmacother. 2017 Nov;95:1718-1724. doi: 
10.1016/j.biopha.2017.09.074.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biopha.2024.116187
PMID: 38296728


79. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Plant J. 2024 Aug;119(3):e1-e8. doi: 10.1111/tpj.16650. Epub 2024 Jan 28.

RETRACTED: The plant is neither dumb nor deaf; it talks and hears.

El-Sappah AH(1)(2), Yan K(1), Li J(1).

Author information:
(1)College of Agriculture, Forestry, and Food Engineering, Yibin University, 
Yibin, Sichuan, China.
(2)Department of Genetics, Faculty of Agriculture, Zagazig University, Zagazig, 
44511, Egypt.

Retraction in
    Plant J. 2024 Aug;119(3):1663. doi: 10.1111/tpj.16904.

Animals and insects communicate using vibrations that are frequently too low or 
too high for human ears to detect. Plants and trees can communicate and sense 
sound. Khait et al. used a dependable recording system to capture airborne 
sounds produced by stressed plants. In addition to allowing plants to 
communicate their stress, sound aids in plant defense, development, and 
resilience. It also serves as a warning that danger is approaching. Demey et al. 
and others discussed the audit examinations that were conducted to investigate 
sound discernment in plants at the atomic and biological levels. The biological 
significance of sound in plants, the morphophysiological response of plants to 
sound, and the airborne noises that plants make and can hear from a few meters 
away were all discussed.

© 2024 Society for Experimental Biology and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/tpj.16650
PMID: 38281239 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


80. Toxicol Appl Pharmacol. 2024 Feb;483:116838. doi: 10.1016/j.taap.2024.116838. 
Epub 2024 Jan 24.

Levocabastine ameliorates cyclophosphamide-induced cardiotoxicity in Swiss 
albino mice: Targeting TLR4/NF-κB/NLRP3 signaling pathway.

Akram W(1), Najmi AK(1), Alam MM(2), Haque SE(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmaceutical Education and Research, 
Jamia Hamdard, New Delhi 110062, India.
(2)Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, School of Pharmaceutical Education 
and Research, Jamia Hamdard, New Delhi 110062, India.
(3)Department of Pharmacology, School of Pharmaceutical Education and Research, 
Jamia Hamdard, New Delhi 110062, India. Electronic address: 
sehaq@jamiahamdard.ac.in.

Cyclophosphamide (CP), although a potent anti-cancer drug, causes cardiotoxicity 
as a side effect that limits its use. Hence, a specific medicine that can lower 
cardiotoxicity and be utilised as an adjuvant in cancer treatment is very much 
needed. In this light, we intended to assess the protective potential of 
levocabastine (LEV) on CP-induced cardiotoxicity in Swiss albino mice. Mice were 
administered LEV (50 and 100 μg/kg, i.p.) daily for 14 days and CP at 200 mg/kg, 
intraperitoneally once on the 7th day. On the 15th day, mice were weighed, blood 
withdrawn then sacrificed and hearts were removed to estimate various 
biochemical and histopathological parameters. CP 200 mg/kg significantly 
increased cardiac troponin T, LDH, CK-MB, interleukin-1β, IL-6, TNF-α, TBARS, 
nitrite, and decreased CAT, GSH, and SOD levels, thus, manifested cardiac 
damage, inflammation, oxidative stress, and nitrative stress, cumulatively 
causing cardiotoxicity. CP also elevated the expression of various markers 
including cleaved caspase-3, NF-κB, TLR4, NLRP3, and fibrotic lesions in cardiac 
tissues, whereas decreased hematological parameters (RBCs, platelets, and Hb) to 
confirm cardiotoxicity. LEV and fenofibrate (FF) treatment reversed these 
changes towards normal and showed a significant protective effect against CP. 
The results showed the protective role of LEV in restoring CP-induced 
cardiotoxicity in terms of inflammation, apoptosis, oxidative stress, cardiac 
injury and histopathological damage. Thus, levocabastine can be used as an 
adjuvant to cyclophosphamide in cancer treatment but a thorough study with 
various animal cancer models is further needed to establish the fact.

Copyright © 2024 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.taap.2024.116838
PMID: 38278497 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest There are no 
conflicts of interest declared by the authors.


81. Indian J Ophthalmol. 2024 Feb 1;72(2):303. doi: 10.4103/IJO.IJO_2213_23. Epub 
2024 Jan 25.

Disinsert, retract and rotate technique of plaque brachytherapy.

Lomi N(1), Chawla B, Das D.

Author information:
(1)Dr. R P Centre for Ophthalmic Sciences, All India Institute of Medical 
Sciences, New Delhi, India.

BACKGROUND: Plaque brachytherapy is commonly used in the management of choroidal 
melanomas. The surgical steps usually involve creating a conjunctival peritomy, 
fixing the recti muscles, with or without disinserting them based on the 
location of the lesion, and placing the plaque. The inferior oblique muscle is 
attached close to the macula, and in cases of perimacular or peripapillary 
lesions, the muscle needs to be sacrificed.
PURPOSE: The authors here demonstrate a novel technique of placing radioactive 
plaque without disinserting the inferior oblique muscle in cases of perimacular 
or peripapillary choroidal melanomas.
SYNOPSIS: The video demonstrates how the "disinsert, retract, and rotate 
technique" of brachytherapy plaque placement can be performed and what are the 
fundamentals behind this technique. The authors have performed this procedure 
multiple times and there has been no incidence of plaque tilt or migration.
HIGHLIGHTS: In perimacular and peripapillary choroidal melanoma brachytherapy 
plaque placement, the inferior oblique muscle can be spared. The simple 
technique does not lead to any tilt or migration of the radioactive plaque.
VIDEO LINK: https://youtu.be/YMIg3rYyp2o.

Copyright © 2024 Copyright: © 2024 Indian Journal of Ophthalmology.

DOI: 10.4103/IJO.IJO_2213_23
PMCID: PMC10941916
PMID: 38273698 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: There are no conflicts of interest.


82. Commun Biol. 2024 Jan 22;7(1):118. doi: 10.1038/s42003-023-05749-3.

Sound suppresses earliest visual cortical processing after sight recovery in 
congenitally blind humans.

Sourav S(1), Kekunnaya R(2), Bottari D(3)(4), Shareef I(2), Pitchaimuthu 
K(3)(2)(5), Röder B(3)(2).

Author information:
(1)Biological Psychology and Neuropsychology, University of Hamburg, Hamburg, 
Germany. suddha.sourav@uni-hamburg.de.
(2)Jasti V Ramanamma Children's Eye Care Center, Child Sight Institute, L V 
Prasad Eye Institute, Hyderabad, India.
(3)Biological Psychology and Neuropsychology, University of Hamburg, Hamburg, 
Germany.
(4)IMT School for Advanced Studies Lucca, Lucca, Italy.
(5)Department of Medicine and Optometry, Linnaeus University, Kalmar, Sweden.

Neuroscientific research has consistently shown more extensive non-visual 
activity in the visual cortex of congenitally blind humans compared to sighted 
controls; a phenomenon known as crossmodal plasticity. Whether or not crossmodal 
activation of the visual cortex retracts if sight can be restored is still 
unknown. The present study, involving a rare group of sight-recovery individuals 
who were born pattern vision blind, employed visual event-related potentials to 
investigate persisting crossmodal modulation of the initial visual cortical 
processing stages. Here we report that the earliest, stimulus-driven retinotopic 
visual cortical activity (<100 ms) was suppressed in a spatially specific manner 
in sight-recovery individuals when concomitant sounds accompanied visual 
stimulation. In contrast, sounds did not modulate the earliest visual cortical 
response in two groups of typically sighted controls, nor in a third control 
group of sight-recovery individuals who had suffered a transient phase of later 
(rather than congenital) visual impairment. These results provide strong 
evidence for persisting crossmodal activity in the visual cortex after sight 
recovery following a period of congenital visual deprivation. Based on the time 
course of this modulation, we speculate on a role of exuberant crossmodal 
thalamic input which may arise during a sensitive phase of brain development.

© 2024. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1038/s42003-023-05749-3
PMCID: PMC10803735
PMID: 38253781 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


83. Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2024 Jan 9;2024:9790182. doi: 10.1155/2024/9790182. 
eCollection 2024.

Retracted: Quercetin Prevents Radiation-Induced Oral Mucositis by Upregulating 
BMI-1.

Longevity OMAC.

Retraction of
    Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2021 Nov 27;2021:2231680. doi: 10.1155/2021/2231680.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2021/2231680.].

Copyright © 2024 Oxidative Medicine and Cellular Longevity.

DOI: 10.1155/2024/9790182
PMCID: PMC10791264
PMID: 38234516


84. Biomed Res Int. 2024 Jan 9;2024:9865398. doi: 10.1155/2024/9865398. eCollection 
2024.

Retracted: Molecular Mechanism of Expression Changes of Immunological Indexes of 
PD-1/sPD-L1 after Radiotherapy in Nonsmall Cell Lung Cancer.

International BR.

Retraction of
    Biomed Res Int. 2021 Apr 20;2021:8811751. doi: 10.1155/2021/8811751.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2021/8811751.].

Copyright © 2024 BioMed Research International.

DOI: 10.1155/2024/9865398
PMCID: PMC10791343
PMID: 38230195


85. Sci Rep. 2024 Jan 16;14(1):1356. doi: 10.1038/s41598-024-51877-z.

Retraction Note: Inhibition of autophagic flux differently modulates 
cannabidiol-induced death in 2D and 3D glioblastoma cell cultures.

Ivanov VN(1), Grabham PW(2), Wu CC(2), Hei TK(2).

Author information:
(1)Center for Radiological Research, Department of Radiation Oncology, Vagelos 
College of Physicians and Surgeons, Columbia University, New York, NY, 10032, 
USA. vni3@cumc.columbia.edu.
(2)Center for Radiological Research, Department of Radiation Oncology, Vagelos 
College of Physicians and Surgeons, Columbia University, New York, NY, 10032, 
USA.

Retraction of
    Sci Rep. 2020 Feb 14;10(1):2687. doi: 10.1038/s41598-020-59468-4.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-024-51877-z
PMCID: PMC10792083
PMID: 38228688


86. RETRACTED ARTICLE

ACS Omega. 2023 Dec 28;9(1):1798-1809. doi: 10.1021/acsomega.3c08443. 
eCollection 2024 Jan 9.

Assessing the Weathering Performance and Functionality of Nanoparticle-Enhanced 
High-Pressure Laminates for Building Facade Applications.

Singaravel D(1), Veerapandian P(2), Rajendran S(3), Dhairiyasamy R(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Civil Engineering, Annapoorana Engineering College 
(Autonomous), Salem, Tamil Nadu 636308, India.
(2)Department of Civil Engineering, Sengunthar Engineering College (Autonomous), 
Thiruchengode 637205, India.
(3)Department of Mechanical Engineering, Annapoorana Engineering College, 
(Autonomous), Salem, Tamil Nadu 636308, India.
(4)Department of Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering and Technology, 
Aksum University, Aksum 7080, Ethiopia.

Retraction in
    ACS Omega. 2024 Mar 01;9(10):12290. doi: 10.1021/acsomega.4c01411.

High-pressure laminates (HPLs) are widely utilized in interior applications but 
may have potential as exterior building facade coatings if suitably enhanced for 
weatherability. Nanoparticle additives are a promising approach to improving the 
durability and functionality of HPLs. This study aims to evaluate titanium 
dioxide (TiO2) and silicon dioxide (SiO2) nanoparticles incorporated into HPLs 
to determine if they impart properties for durable, functional exterior facades. 
Methods: HPLs were fabricated with 3.75 wt % TiO2 and SiO2 nanoparticles in the 
surface overlay. Industry-standard EN 438 tests characterized the quality, 
optical properties, and accelerated aging, including UV radiation, weathering, 
and thermal shocks. Properties were measured before and after aging to compare 
versus a standard HPL without nanoparticles. Nanoparticles not only increased 
initial solar reflectance but also caused color changes. After aging tests, 
nanoparticles did not sufficiently enhance durability compared to the standard 
HPL. While initial reflectance improved with nanoparticles, overall 
weatherability did not, indicating a need to optimize fabrication and 
nanoparticle selection. Although TiO2 and SiO2 nanoparticles increased initial 
HPL reflectance, the feasibility of durable facade coatings was not conclusively 
demonstrated. Further research should focus on ideal fabrication methods, 
nanoparticle types and concentrations, and performance in real-world conditions 
to facilitate adoption in building facade applications.

© 2023 The Authors. Published by American Chemical Society.

DOI: 10.1021/acsomega.3c08443
PMCID: PMC10785317
PMID: 38222563

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing financial 
interest.


87. Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2023 Dec 29;2023:9878432. doi: 10.1155/2023/9878432. 
eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Hsp72-Based Effect and Mechanism of Microwave Radiation-Induced 
Cardiac Injury in Rats.

Longevity OMAC.

Retraction of
    Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2022 Aug 18;2022:7145415. doi: 10.1155/2022/7145415.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/7145415.].

Copyright © 2023 Oxidative Medicine and Cellular Longevity.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9878432
PMCID: PMC10769717
PMID: 38189023


88. Photodermatol Photoimmunol Photomed. 2024 Jan;40(1):e12938. doi: 
10.1111/phpp.12938. Epub 2023 Dec 29.

Estimation of serum and tissue level of interleukin-15 (IL-15) and IL-15 
receptor alpha (IL-15Rα) in mycosis fungoides before and after phototherapy: An 
interventional cohort study.

Mogawer RM(1), Youssef R(1), Helmy K(1), Emad N(1), Shaker O(2), Orabi S(1).

Author information:
(1)Dermatology Department, Faculty of Medicine, Cairo University, Cairo, Egypt.
(2)Biochemistry Department, Faculty of Medicine, Cairo University, Cairo, Egypt.

BACKGROUND: Mycosis fungoides (MF) is a chronic, highly recurrent cutaneous 
T-cell lymphoma, whose pathogenesis has not yet been fully elucidated. 
Interleukin-15 was previously highlighted as a viability factor for cutaneous 
T-cell lymphoma with previous studies shedding light on its role in pathogenesis 
of MF and its plausibility as a potential therapeutic target.
OBJECTIVE: This study was conducted to evaluate serum and tissue expression of 
IL-15 and IL-15Rα in early cases of MF (IA, IB, IIA) at baseline and following 
phototherapy.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Fourteen early MF cases were recruited. Samples were 
withdrawn prior to starting phototherapy treatment and following near complete 
clearance of the biopsied lesion or after a maximum of 36 sessions of 
phototherapy. Samples were assessed for change in expression of IL-15 and IL-15 
Rα levels following treatment, whose levels were compared to healthy controls.
RESULTS: Serum and tissue levels of IL-15 and IL-15Rα in early MF cases were 
significantly higher at baseline than their levels following phototherapy 
treatment and higher than healthy controls. However, they dropped significantly 
following treatment with no statistical difference between treated cases and 
controls, apart from serum IL-15Rα that remained significantly elevated than 
controls.
CONCLUSION: Interleukin-15 and its receptor alpha appear to contribute to the 
pathogenesis of MF, being significantly elevated than healthy controls, which 
were normalized following phototherapy treatment, apart from serum IL-15Rα, 
which remained elevated. Controlling IL-15/IL-15Rα expression is a newly 
proposed mechanism of action of phototherapy in MF.

© 2023 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/phpp.12938
PMID: 38157308 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


89. Molecules. 2023 Dec 14;28(24):8091. doi: 10.3390/molecules28248091.

RETRACTED: Akter et al. Potential Role of Natural Products to Combat 
Radiotherapy and Their Future Perspectives. Molecules 2021, 26, 5997.

Akter R(1)(2), Najda A(3), Rahman MH(2)(4), Shah M(5)(6), Wesołowska S(7), 
Hassan SSU(8), Mubin S(9), Bibi P(5), Saeeda S(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pharmacy, Jagannath University, Dhaka 1100, Bangladesh.
(2)Department of Global Medical Science, Wonju College of Medicine, Yonsei 
University, Wonju 26426, Gangwon-do, Republic of Korea.
(3)Department of Vegetable and Herbal Crops, University of Life Sciences in 
Lublin, 50A Doświadczalna Street, 20-280 Lublin, Poland.
(4)Department of Pharmacy, Southeast University, Banani Street, Dhaka 1213, 
Bangladesh.
(5)Department of Botany, Abdul Wali Khan University Mardan, Mardan 23200, 
Pakistan.
(6)Natural and Medical Sciences Research Center, University of Nizwa, Nizwa 616, 
Oman.
(7)Institute of Soil Science and Environment Shaping, University of Life 
Sciences in Lublin, 7 Leszczyńskiego Street, 20-069 Lublin, Poland.
(8)Shanghai Key Laboratory for Molecular Engineering of Chiral Drugs, School of 
Pharmacy, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai 200240, China.
(9)Department of Botany, Hazara University Mansehra, Mansehra 21310, Pakistan.

Retraction of
    Molecules. 2021 Oct 02;26(19):5997. doi: 10.3390/molecules26195997.

This published review [...].

DOI: 10.3390/molecules28248091
PMCID: PMC10745423
PMID: 38138646


90. Arch Pathol Lab Med. 2024 Sep 1;148(9):1007-1013. doi: 
10.5858/arpa.2023-0185-OA.

Stromal and Epithelial Architectural Alterations Mimicking Invasion 
(Pseudoinvasion) in Noninvasive Papillary Urothelial Carcinoma.

Abulaban A(1), Yanchenko N(1), Briski LM(1), Punnen S(1), Jorda M(1), Kryvenko 
ON(1).

Author information:
(1)From the Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine (Abulaban, 
Yanchenko, Briski, Jorda, Kryvenko), Desai Sethi Urology Institute (Punnen, 
Jorda, Kryvenko), Department of Radiation Oncology (Kryvenko), and the Sylvester 
Comprehensive Cancer Center (Briski, Punnen, Jorda, Kryvenko), University of 
Miami Miller School of Medicine, Miami, Florida.

CONTEXT.—: Retraction artifact, paradoxic maturation/differentiation, 
desmoplasia, and complex irregular growth are morphologic criteria of invasion 
in urothelial carcinoma.
OBJECTIVE.—: To describe changes mimicking invasion in noninvasive papillary 
urothelial carcinoma (NPUC).
DESIGN.—: We reviewed 159 consecutive in-house patients with NPUC for either the 
presence of pseudoinvasion (irregular carcinoma nests within dense hyalinized 
stroma in the absence of other criteria of invasion) or precursor findings 
(stromal hyalinization not yet associated with epithelial architectural 
alteration). We assessed the correlation of these findings with age, sex, 
evidence of peripheral vascular disease, tumor grade, tumor infarction, and 
tumor size. We then followed up the patients clinically for tumor recurrence or 
progression.
RESULTS.—: We identified 233 separate NPUCs (136 high grade and 97 low grade) in 
125 men and 34 women. Of the 233 tumors, 26 (11.2%) had pseudoinvasion and 24 of 
233 tumors (10.3%) had precursor findings. Except for complex irregular growth, 
no other criteria for invasion were seen. Pseudoinvasion and precursor findings 
were more common in men (47 of 183 [26%] versus 3 of 50 [6%]; P = .003), larger 
tumors (mean size, 2.6 versus 1.2 cm; P < .001), and tumors with infarction (33 
of 50 [66%] versus 29 of 183 [15.8%]; P < .001). In multivariable analysis, 
tumor size (odds ratio, 1.49; P =.006), male sex (odds ratio, 6.48; P = .007), 
and the presence of infarction (odds ratio, 6.59; P < .001) were significant 
variables. Recurrence rates did not differ between patients with and those 
without pseudoinvasion (31% [5 of 16] versus 42% [45 of 107], respectively; P = 
.41). None of the tumors with pseudoinvasion progressed to invasive carcinoma.
CONCLUSIONS.—: Given the correlation with size and presence of infarcted 
papillae, we suggest the possibility of tumor ischemia/infarction as a plausible 
etiology of pseudoinvasion. Awareness of this phenomenon is important for the 
accurate diagnosis of invasion in papillary urothelial carcinoma.

© 2024 College of American Pathologists.

DOI: 10.5858/arpa.2023-0185-OA
PMID: 38133938 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have no relevant financial interest 
in the products or companies described in this article.


91. J Appl Clin Med Phys. 2024 Apr;25(4):e14247. doi: 10.1002/acm2.14247. Epub 2023 
Dec 22.

A quantitative framework for patient-specific collision detection in proton 
therapy.

Northway SK(1)(2), Vallejo BM(1)(2), Liu L(1)(2), Hansen EE(1)(2), Tang S(3), 
Mah D(4), MacEwan IJ(1)(2), Urbanic JJ(1)(2), Chang C(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Medicine and Applied Sciences, University of 
California at San Diego, La Jolla, California, USA.
(2)California Protons Cancer Therapy Center, San Diego, California, USA.
(3)Texas Center for Proton Therapy, Irving, Texas, USA.
(4)ProCure Proton Therapy Center, Somerset, New Jersey, USA.

BACKGROUND: Beam modifying accessories for proton therapy often need to be 
placed in close proximity of the patient for optimal dosimetry. However, proton 
treatment units are larger in size and as a result the planned treatment 
geometry may not be achievable due to collisions with the patient. A framework 
that can accurately simulate proton treatment geometry is desired.
PURPOSE: A quantitative framework was developed to model patient-specific proton 
treatment geometry, minimize air gap, and avoid collisions.
METHODS: The patient's external contour is converted into the International 
Electrotechnique Commission (IEC) gantry coordinates following the patient's 
orientation and each beam's gantry and table angles. All snout components are 
modeled by three-dimensional (3D) geometric shapes such as columns, cuboids, and 
frustums. Beam-specific parameters such as isocenter coordinates, snout type and 
extension are used to determine if any point on the external contour protrudes 
into the various snout components. A 3D graphical user interface is also 
provided to the planner to visualize the treatment geometry. In case of a 
collision, the framework's analytic algorithm quantifies the maximum protrusion 
of the external contour into the snout components. Without a collision, the 
framework quantifies the minimum distance of the external contour from the snout 
components and renders a warning if such distance is less than 5 cm.
RESULTS: Three different snout designs are modeled. Examples of potential 
collision and its aversion by snout retraction are demonstrated. Different 
patient orientations, including a sitting treatment position, as well as 
treatment plans with multiple isocenters, are successfully modeled in the 
framework. Finally, the dosimetric advantage of reduced air gap enabled by this 
framework is demonstrated by comparing plans with standard and reduced air gaps.
CONCLUSION: Implementation of this framework reduces incidence of collisions in 
the treatment room. In addition, it enables the planners to minimize the air gap 
and achieve better plan dosimetry.

© 2023 The Authors. Journal of Applied Clinical Medical Physics published by 
Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American Association of Physicists in 
Medicine.

DOI: 10.1002/acm2.14247
PMCID: PMC11005990
PMID: 38131514 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: This study was partially funded by Varian 
Medical Systems.


92. Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Dec 13;2023:9763418. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9763418. eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Effectiveness of Proanthocyanidin plus Trimetazidine in the Treatment 
of Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer with Radiation Heart Injury.

And Alternative Medicine EC.

Retraction of
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Jun 3;2022:2338622. doi: 
10.1155/2022/2338622.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/2338622.].

Copyright © 2023 Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9763418
PMCID: PMC10732854
PMID: 38125073


93. Comput Intell Neurosci. 2023 Dec 13;2023:9836949. doi: 10.1155/2023/9836949. 
eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Value Analysis of Neoadjuvant Radiotherapy for Breast Cancer after 
Modified Radical Mastectomy Based on Data Mining.

Intelligence And Neuroscience C.

Retraction of
    Comput Intell Neurosci. 2022 May 4;2022:6257536. doi: 10.1155/2022/6257536.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/6257536.].

Copyright © 2023 Computational Intelligence and Neuroscience.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9836949
PMCID: PMC10732890
PMID: 38124851


94. Curr Protoc. 2023 Dec;3(12):e951. doi: 10.1002/cpz1.951.

Discriminating Between Apoptosis, Necrosis, Necroptosis, and Ferroptosis by 
Microscopy and Flow Cytometry.

Costigan A(1), Hollville E(2), Martin SJ(1).

Author information:
(1)Molecular Cell Biology Laboratory, Department of Genetics, Trinity College, 
Dublin, Ireland.
(2)Institute of Medical Sciences, University of Aberdeen Foresterhill, Aberdeen, 
Scotland, United Kingdom.

Apoptosis is a mode of programmed cell death that plays important roles in 
tissue sculpting during development, in the maintenance of tissue homeostasis in 
the adult, and in the eradication of injured or infected cells during 
pathological processes. Numerous physiological as well as pathological stimuli 
trigger apoptosis, such as engagement of plasma-membrane-associated Fas, TRAIL, 
or TNF receptors, growth factor deprivation, hypoxia, radiation, and exposure to 
diverse cytotoxic drugs. Apoptosis is coordinated by members of the caspase 
family of cysteine proteases, which, upon activation, trigger a series of 
dramatic morphological and biochemical changes including retraction from the 
substratum, cell shrinkage, extensive and protracted plasma membrane blebbing, 
chromatin condensation, DNA hydrolysis, nuclear fragmentation, and proteolytic 
cleavage of numerous caspase substrates. These dramatic structural and 
biochemical alterations result not only in the controlled dismantling of the 
cell, but also in the rapid recognition and removal of apoptotic cells by 
phagocytes through the cell surface display of phagocytotic triggers such as 
phosphatidylserine. Necrosis, which is typically nonprogrammed or imposed upon 
the cell by overwhelming membrane or organelle damage, is characterized by 
high-amplitude cell swelling, followed by rapid plasma membrane rupture and 
release of cellular contents into the extracellular space. Necrosis is often 
provoked by infectious agents or severe departure from physiological conditions 
due to toxins, temperature extremes, or physical injury. However, forms of 
programmed necrosis (necroptosis, pyroptosis, ferroptosis) can also occur in 
specific circumstances. Nonprogrammed and programmed necrosis can be 
distinguished from apoptosis by morphological features, based on the rapid 
uptake of vital dyes, and through the application of specific inhibitors of key 
molecules associated with the latter modes of cell death. This unit describes 
protocols for the measurement of apoptosis and necrosis and for distinguishing 
apoptosis from programmed as well as conventional necrosis. © 2023 The Authors. 
Current Protocols published by Wiley Periodicals LLC. Basic Protocol 1: Analysis 
of cell morphology by phase-contrast microscopy Alternative Protocol 1: 
Assessment of morphological changes using eosin-methylene blue staining 
Alternative Protocol 2: Analysis of nuclear morphology by fluorescence 
microscopy Support Protocol: Preparation of cytospins Basic Protocol 2: 
Measurement of plasma membrane composition with annexin V and propidium iodide 
Basic Protocol 3: Measurement of DNA fragmentation by flow cytometry Alternative 
Protocol 3: Analysis of DNA fragmentation by the TUNEL assay Basic Protocol 4: 
Measurement of caspase activation by flow cytometry Basic Protocol 5: 
Discriminating between apoptosis, necrosis, necroptosis, and ferroptosis.

© 2023 The Authors. Current Protocols published by Wiley Periodicals LLC.

DOI: 10.1002/cpz1.951
PMID: 38112058 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


95. J Healthc Eng. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9825710. doi: 10.1155/2023/9825710. eCollection 
2023.

Retracted: Application of Artificial Intelligence in Radiotherapy of 
Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma with Magnetic Resonance Imaging.

Healthcare Engineering JO.

Retraction of
    J Healthc Eng. 2022 Feb 2;2022:4132989. doi: 10.1155/2022/4132989.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/4132989.].

Copyright © 2023 Journal of Healthcare Engineering.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9825710
PMCID: PMC10718691
PMID: 38094840


96. J Healthc Eng. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9754809. doi: 10.1155/2023/9754809. eCollection 
2023.

Retracted: Analysis of Curative Effect and Prognostic Factors of Radiotherapy 
for Esophageal Cancer Based on the CNN.

Healthcare Engineering JO.

Retraction of
    J Healthc Eng. 2021 Nov 25;2021:9350677. doi: 10.1155/2021/9350677.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2021/9350677.].

Copyright © 2023 Journal of Healthcare Engineering.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9754809
PMCID: PMC10718695
PMID: 38094793


97. Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9821932. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9821932. eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Apatinib plus Radiotherapy on the Expression of CEA and VEGF in 
Advanced Oligometastatic Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.

And Alternative Medicine EC.

Retraction of
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Apr 13;2023:4242346. doi: 
10.1155/2023/4242346.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2023/4242346.].

Copyright © 2023 Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9821932
PMCID: PMC10718687
PMID: 38093893


98. Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9847364. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9847364. eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Effects of Self-Care plus Forecasting Nursing on the Treatment 
Outcomes and Emotions in Patients with Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma after 
Radiotherapy.

And Alternative Medicine EC.

Retraction of
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Jul 4;2022:5751903. doi: 
10.1155/2022/5751903.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/5751903.].

Copyright © 2023 Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9847364
PMCID: PMC10718698
PMID: 38093884


99. Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9857310. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9857310. eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Effect of Shenqi Fuzheng Injection on Leukopenia and T-cell Subsets 
in Patients with Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Undergoing Radiotherapy.

And Alternative Medicine EC.

Retraction of
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Aug 5;2022:2832739. doi: 
10.1155/2022/2832739.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/2832739.].

Copyright © 2023 Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9857310
PMCID: PMC10718738
PMID: 38093872


100. Nat Commun. 2023 Dec 11;14(1):8193. doi: 10.1038/s41467-023-43803-0.

Retraction Note: Polymerase θ inhibition activates the cGAS-STING pathway and 
cooperates with immune checkpoint blockade in models of BRCA-deficient cancer.

Patterson-Fortin J(1)(2), Jadhav H(1), Pantelidou C(1)(3), Phan T(4), Grochala 
C(4)(5), Mehta AK(6)(7), Guerriero JL(6), Wulf GM(8), Wolpin BM(1)(2)(9), 
Stanger BZ(10), Aguirre AJ(1)(2)(9), Cleary JM(1)(2)(9), D'Andrea AD(4)(11), 
Shapiro GI(12)(13)(14).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, 
USA.
(2)Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical 
School, Boston, MA, USA.
(3)Bayer Pharmaceuticals, Cambridge, MA, USA.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Harvard 
Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.
(5)Arpeggio, Boulder, CO, USA.
(6)Department of Surgical Oncology and Harvard Medical School, Brigham and 
Women's Hospital, Boston, MA, USA.
(7)Sanofi, Cambridge, MA, USA.
(8)Department of Medicine, Division of Hematology-Oncology, Beth Israel 
Deaconess Medical Center and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.
(9)Hale Family Center for Pancreatic Cancer Research, Dana-Farber Cancer 
Institute, Boston, MA, USA.
(10)Department of Medicine, Division of Gastroenterology, Abramson Family Cancer 
Research Institute, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, 
Philadelphia, PA, USA.
(11)Center for DNA Damage and Repair, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, 
USA.
(12)Department of Medical Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, 
USA. geoffrey_shapiro@dfci.harvard.edu.
(13)Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical 
School, Boston, MA, USA. geoffrey_shapiro@dfci.harvard.edu.
(14)Center for DNA Damage and Repair, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, 
USA. geoffrey_shapiro@dfci.harvard.edu.

Retraction of
    Nat Commun. 2023 Mar 13;14(1):1390. doi: 10.1038/s41467-023-37096-6.

DOI: 10.1038/s41467-023-43803-0
PMCID: PMC10713543
PMID: 38081854


101. Biomed Res Int. 2023 Nov 29;2023:9787308. doi: 10.1155/2023/9787308. eCollection 
2023.

Retracted: Construction of Prediction Model of Radiotherapy Set-Up Errors in 
Patients with Lung Cancer.

International BR.

Retraction of
    Biomed Res Int. 2022 Jun 25;2022:5642529. doi: 10.1155/2022/5642529.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/5642529.].

Copyright © 2023 BioMed Research International.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9787308
PMCID: PMC10700002
PMID: 38075377


102. Appl Bionics Biomech. 2023 Nov 29;2023:9873841. doi: 10.1155/2023/9873841. 
eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Bioinformatics Analysis for Identifying Differentially Expressed 
MicroRNAs Derived from Plasma Exosomes Associated with Radiotherapy Resistance 
in Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.

And Biomechanics AB.

Retraction of
    Appl Bionics Biomech. 2022 May 31;2022:9268206. doi: 10.1155/2022/9268206.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/9268206.].

Copyright © 2023 Applied Bionics and Biomechanics.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9873841
PMCID: PMC10701058
PMID: 38075136


103. BMJ Qual Saf. 2024 Jan 19;33(2):132-135. doi: 10.1136/bmjqs-2023-016162.

Retrospective cohort study of wrong-patient imaging order errors: how many reach 
the patient?

Kneifati-Hayek JZ(1), Geist E(2), Applebaum JR(1), Dal Col AK(2), Salmasian 
H(3), Schechter CB(4), Elhadad N(5), Weintraub J(6), Adelman JS(7)(8).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medicine, Columbia University Irving Medical Center, New York, 
New York, USA.
(2)Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons, New York, New York, 
USA.
(3)Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts, 
USA.
(4)Department of Family and Social Medicine, Albert Einstein College of 
Medicine, Bronx, New York, USA.
(5)Department of Biomedical Informatics, Columbia University, New York, New 
York, USA.
(6)Department of Radiology, Columbia University, New York, New York, USA.
(7)Department of Medicine, Columbia University Irving Medical Center, New York, 
New York, USA jsa2163@cumc.columbia.edu.
(8)Department of Quality and Patient Safety, NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital, New 
York, New York, USA.

Studying near-miss errors is essential to preventing errors from reaching 
patients. When an error is committed, it may be intercepted (near-miss) or it 
will reach the patient; estimates of the proportion that reach the patient vary 
widely. To better understand this relationship, we conducted a retrospective 
cohort study using two objective measures to identify wrong-patient imaging 
order errors involving radiation, estimating the proportion of errors that are 
intercepted and those that reach the patient. This study was conducted at a 
large integrated healthcare system using data from 1 January to 31 December 
2019. The study used two outcome measures of wrong-patient orders: (1) 
wrong-patient orders that led to misadministration of radiation reported to the 
New York Patient Occurrence Reporting and Tracking System (NYPORTS) 
(misadministration events); and (2) wrong-patient orders identified by the 
Wrong-Patient Retract-and-Reorder (RAR) measure, a measure identifying orders 
placed for a patient, retracted and rapidly reordered by the same clinician on a 
different patient (near-miss events). All imaging orders that involved radiation 
were extracted retrospectively from the healthcare system data warehouse. Among 
293 039 total eligible orders, 151 were wrong-patient orders (3 
misadministration events, 148 near-miss events), for an overall rate of 51.5 per 
100 000 imaging orders involving radiation placed on the wrong patient. Of all 
wrong-patient imaging order errors, 2% reached the patient, translating to 50 
near-miss events for every 1 error that reached the patient. This proportion 
provides a more accurate and reliable estimate and reinforces the utility of 
systematic measure of near-miss errors as an outcome for preventative 
interventions.

© Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2024. No commercial re-use. See rights and 
permissions. Published by BMJ.

DOI: 10.1136/bmjqs-2023-016162
PMCID: PMC10872565
PMID: 38071526 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: None declared.


104. Lasers Med Sci. 2023 Nov 23;38(1):275. doi: 10.1007/s10103-023-03929-5.

Effects of photobiomodulation with blue Light Emitting Diode (LED) on the 
healing of skin burns.

de Alencar Fernandes Neto J(1), Simões TMS(1), de Oliveira TKB(2), Dos Santos 
Pereira J(3), Nonaka CFW(1), de Vasconcelos Catão MHC(4).

Author information:
(1)Graduate Program in Dentistry, State University of Paraiba, R. Baraúnas, 531, 
Bodocongó, Campina Grande, PB, 58429-500, Brazil.
(2)Faculty of Medical Sciences, University Center UniFacisa, Av. Sen. Argemiro 
de Figueiredo, 1901, Itararé, Campina Grande, PB, 58411-020, Brazil.
(3)Department of Pathology, Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte, R. 
General Gustavo Cordeiro de Faria, s/n, Petrópolis, Natal, RN, 59012-570, 
Brazil.
(4)Graduate Program in Dentistry, State University of Paraiba, R. Baraúnas, 531, 
Bodocongó, Campina Grande, PB, 58429-500, Brazil. mhcvcatao@gmail.com.

The management of skin burns is still challenging. Among the therapeutic methods 
used, there are topical treatments with pharmacological and herbal agents, 
low-intensity therapeutic ultrasound, use of biomaterials, reconstructive 
techniques and photobiomodulation therapy. The aim of this study was to evaluate 
the effects of photobiomodulation with blue Light Emitting Diode (LED) on burn 
healing. Fifty Wistar rats were divided into control (CTRL) (n = 25) and blue 
LED (LED) (n = 25), with subgroups (n = 5) for each time of euthanasia (7, 14, 
21, 28 and 32 days). Treated animals were daily irradiated (470 nm, 1W, 0.44 
W/cm2, 50 J/cm2). Clinical evaluations were performed and the Wound Retraction 
Index (WRI) was determined. Histological sections were submitted to 
hematoxylin-eosin, toluidine blue and the immunohistochemical technique, with 
anti-α-SMA and anti-TGF-β1 antibodies. All data were directly collected by 
previously calibrated evaluators in a blind manner. The values were included in 
a statistical program. For all statistical tests used, 5% significance level 
(p < 0.05) was considered. No statistically significant differences in WRI 
between groups were observed (p > 0.05). Re-epithelialization was higher using 
LED at 7 and 14 days (p < 0.05) and greater amount of inflammatory cells was 
observed at 7 days (p = 0.01). With LED at 21 and 32 days, greater number of 
mast cells were observed (p < 0.05), as well as smaller number of myofibroblasts 
at 14, 21, 28 and 32 days (p < 0.05) and lower percentage of TGF-β1 positive 
cells in the conjunctiva at 7, 14 and 21 days (p < 0.05). Negative correlations 
were observed in LED between the percentage of TGF-β1 in the epithelium and the 
mean number of inflammatory cells and number of myofibroblasts (p < 0.05). The 
results suggest that, depending on the period, blue LED can modulate the healing 
processes of third-degree skin burns, such as re-epithelialization, inflammatory 
response, mast cell concentration, myofibroblast differentiation and TGF-β1 
immunoexpression. Despite these effects, this therapy does not seem to have 
significant influence on the retraction of these wounds. Future studies, using 
different protocols, should be carried out to expand the knowledge about the 
photobiomodulatory mechanisms of this type of light in the healing process.

© 2023. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag London Ltd., 
part of Springer Nature.

DOI: 10.1007/s10103-023-03929-5
PMID: 37993749 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


105. Environ Health. 2023 Nov 16;22(1):79. doi: 10.1186/s12940-023-01033-3.

Exposing additional authors who suppress evidence about radiation-induced 
thyroid cancer in children: a Comment adding to Tsuda et al.'s response to Schüz 
et al. (2023).

Soskolne CL(1).

Author information:
(1)School of Public Health, University of Alberta, Edmonton, AB, Canada. 
colin.soskolne@ualberta.ca.

BACKGROUND: The need to call out and expose authors for their persistence in 
improperly using epidemiology has been previously noted. Tsuda et al. have done 
well to expose Schüz et al.'s arguments/assertions in their recent publication 
in Environmental Heath. In this Comment, I point out that, also warranting being 
called out, are the arguments/assertions of Cléro et al. who, in their recent 
response to an article by Tsuda et al., reiterated the conclusions and 
recommendations derived from their European project, which were published in 
Environment International in 2021. Tsuda et al. had critiqued the Cléro et al. 
2021 publication in their 2022 review article. However, in their response to it, 
Cléro et al. deflected by not addressing any of the key points that Tsuda et al. 
had made in their review regarding the aftermath of the Chernobyl and Fukushima 
nuclear accidents. In this Comment, I critique Cléro et al.'s inadequate 
response. Publication of this Comment will help in routing out the improper use 
of epidemiology in the formulation of public health policy and thereby reduce 
the influence of misinformation on both science and public policy. My critique 
of Cléro et al. is not dissimilar from Tsuda et al.'s critique of Schüz et al.: 
in as much as Schüz et al. should withdraw their work, so should Cléro et al.'s 
article be retracted.
MAIN BODY: The response by Cléro et al. consists of four paragraphs. First was 
their assertion that the purpose of the SHAMISEN project was to make 
recommendations based on scientific evidence and that it was not a systematic 
review of all related articles. I point out that the Cléro et al. 
recommendations were not based on objective scientific evidence, but on biased 
studies. In the second paragraph, Cléro et al. reaffirmed the SHAMISEN 
Consortium report, which claimed that the overdiagnosis observed in non-exposed 
adults was applicable to children because children are mirrors of adults. 
However, the authors of that report withheld statements about secondary 
examinations in Fukushima that provided evidence against overdiagnosis. In the 
third paragraph, Cléro et al. provided an explanation regarding their disclosure 
of conflicting interests, which was contrary to professional norms for 
transparency and thus was unacceptable. Finally, their insistence that the Tsuda 
et al. study was an ecological study susceptible to "the ecological fallacy" 
indicated their lack of epidemiological knowledge about ecological studies. 
Ironically, many of the papers cited by Cléro et al. regarding overdiagnosis 
were, in fact, ecological studies.
CONCLUSION: Cléro et al. and the SHAMISEN Consortium should withdraw their 
recommendation "not to launch a mass thyroid cancer screening after a nuclear 
accident, but rather to make it available (with appropriate information 
counselling) to those who request it." Their recommendation is based on biased 
evidence and would cause confusion regarding public health measures following a 
nuclear accident. Those authors should, in my assessment, acquaint themselves 
with modern epidemiology and evidence-based public health. Like Tsuda et al. 
recommended of Schüz et al., Cléro et al. ought also to retract their article.

© 2023. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1186/s12940-023-01033-3
PMCID: PMC10652459
PMID: 37974182 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The author declares no competing interests.


106. Sci Rep. 2023 Nov 15;13(1):19952. doi: 10.1038/s41598-023-46583-1.

Retraction Note: Gamma-radiated immunosuppressed tumor xenograft mice can be a 
new ideal model in cancer research.

Khodayari H(1)(2), Khodayari S(2)(3), Khalighfard S(3), Tahmasebifar A(4), 
Tajaldini M(4), Poorkhani A(4), Nikoueinejad H(5), Hamidi GA(1), Nosrati H(2), 
Kalhori MR(6), Alizadeh AM(7)(8).

Author information:
(1)Physiology Research Center, Kashan University of Medical Sciences, Kashan, 
Iran.
(2)Radiation Oncology Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran.
(3)Cancer Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(4)Ischemic Disorder Center, Golestan University of Medical Sciences, Gorgan, 
Iran.
(5)Nephrology and Urology Research Center, Baqiyatallah University of Medical 
Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(6)Medical Biology Research Center, Kermanshah University of Medical Sciences, 
Kermanshah, Iran.
(7)Cancer Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran. 
aalizadeh@sina.tums.ac.ir.
(8)Breast Disease Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran. aalizadeh@sina.tums.ac.ir.

Retraction of
    Sci Rep. 2021 Jan 8;11(1):256. doi: 10.1038/s41598-020-80428-5.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-023-46583-1
PMCID: PMC10651830
PMID: 37968372


107. J Neurosurg. 2023 Nov 10:1-7. doi: 10.3171/2023.9.JNS23862. Online ahead of 
print.

Immunohistochemical markers predicting recurrence following resection and 
radiotherapy in chordoma patients: insights from a multicenter study 
[RETRACTED].

Bon Nieves A(1), Ghaith AK(1)(2), El-Hajj VG(1)(2), Akinduro OO(3), Ibrahim 
S(1)(2), Ghanem M(1), Goyal A(3), Otamendi-Lopez A(3), Nathani KR(1)(2), Choby 
G(4), Laack NN(5), Link MJ(2), Peris Celda M(2), Van Gompel JJ(2), 
Quiñones-Hinojosa A(5), Bydon M(1)(2), Pinheiro Neto C(4).

Author information:
(1)1Mayo Clinic Neuro-Informatics Laboratory, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota.
(2)Departments of2Neurological Surgery.
(3)3Department of Neurological Surgery, Mayo Clinic, Jacksonville, Florida.
(4)4Otolaryngology-Head & Neck Surgery, and.
(5)5Radiation Oncology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota; and.

OBJECTIVE: Chordomas are rare tumors that often recur regardless of surgery with 
negative margins and postoperative radiotherapy. The predictive accuracy of 
widely used immunohistochemical (IHC) markers in addressing the recurrence of 
skull base chordomas (SBCs) is yet to be determined. This study aimed to 
investigate IHC markers in the prediction of recurrence after SBC resection with 
adjuvant radiation therapy.
METHODS: The authors reviewed the records of patients who had treatment for SBC 
between January 2017 and June 2021 across the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, Florida, 
and Arizona. Exclusion criteria included patients who had no histopathology or 
recurrence as an outcome. Histopathological markers included cytokeratin A1/A3 
only, epithelial membrane antigen (EMA), S100 protein, pan-cytokeratin, IN1, 
GATA3, CAM5.2, OSCAR, and chondroid. Information from patient records was 
abstracted, including treatment, clinical and radiological follow-up duration, 
demographics, and histopathological factors. Decision tree and random forest 
classifiers were trained and tested to predict the recurrence based on unseen 
data using an 80/20 split.
RESULTS: A total of 38 patients with a diagnosis of SBC who underwent resection 
(gross-total resection: 42.1%; and subtotal resection: 57.9%) and radiation 
therapy were extracted from the medical records. The mean patient age was 48.2 
(SD 19.6) years; most patients were male (n = 23; 60.5%) and White (n = 36; 
94.7%). Pan-cytokeratin was associated with an increased risk of postoperative 
recurrence (OR 14.67, 95% CI 2.44-88.13; p = 0.00517) after resection and 
adjuvant radiotherapy. The decision tree analysis found pan-cytokeratin-positive 
tumors to have a 78% chance of being classified as a recurrence, with an 
accuracy of 75%. The distribution of minimal depth in the prediction of 
postoperative recurrence indicates that the most important variables were 
pan-cytokeratin, followed by cytokeratin A1/A3 and EMA.
CONCLUSIONS: The authors' machine learning algorithm identified pan-cytokeratin 
as the largest contributor to recurrence among other IHC markers after SBC 
resection. Machine learning may facilitate the prediction of outcomes in rare 
tumors, such as chordomas.

DOI: 10.3171/2023.9.JNS23862
PMID: 37948681


108. J Healthc Eng. 2023 Nov 1;2023:9789078. doi: 10.1155/2023/9789078. eCollection 
2023.

Retracted: Factors Associated with Cranial Nerve Injury after Radiotherapy for 
Large Brain Metastases.

Healthcare Engineering JO.

Retraction of
    J Healthc Eng. 2021 Nov 19;2021:1159145. doi: 10.1155/2021/1159145.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2021/1159145.].

Copyright © 2023 Journal of Healthcare Engineering.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9789078
PMCID: PMC10631966
PMID: 37946891


109. Cardiovasc Res. 2023 Nov 15;119(14):2469-2481. doi: 10.1093/cvr/cvad141.

Contractility measurements for cardiotoxicity screening with ventricular 
myocardial slices of pigs.

Shi R(1)(2), Reichardt M(1)(3), Fiegle DJ(4), Küpfer LK(4), Czajka T(3), Sun 
Z(5), Salditt T(3)(6), Dendorfer A(5)(7), Seidel T(4), Bruegmann T(1)(6)(8).

Author information:
(1)Institute for Cardiovascular Physiology, University Medical Center Göttingen, 
Humboldtallee 23, 37073 Göttingen, Göttingen, Germany.
(2)International Research Training Group 1816, University Medical Center 
Göttingen, Göttingen, Germany.
(3)Institute for X-ray Physics, University of Göttingen, Göttingen, Germany.
(4)Institute of Cellular and Molecular Physiology, 
Friedrich-Alexander-University Erlangen-Nürnberg, Erlangen, Germany.
(5)Walter-Brendel-Centre of Experimental Medicine, Hospital of the University 
Munich, Munich, Germany.
(6)Cluster of Excellence 'Multiscale Bioimaging: from Molecular Machines to 
Networks of Excitable Cells' (MBExC), University of Göttingen, Göttingen, 
Germany.
(7)German Centre of Cardiovascular Research (DZHK), Munich Heart Alliance, 
Munich, Germany.
(8)German Center for Cardiovascular Research (DZHK), Partner site Göttingen, 
Göttingen, Germany.

Erratum in
    Cardiovasc Res. 2024 Mar 30;120(4):434. doi: 10.1093/cvr/cvad187.

AIMS: Cardiotoxicity is one major reason why drugs do not enter or are withdrawn 
from the market. Thus, approaches are required to predict cardiotoxicity with 
high specificity and sensitivity. Ideally, such methods should be performed 
within intact cardiac tissue with high relevance for humans and detect acute and 
chronic side effects on electrophysiological behaviour, contractility, and 
tissue structure in an unbiased manner. Herein, we evaluate healthy pig 
myocardial slices and biomimetic cultivation setups (BMCS) as a new 
cardiotoxicity screening approach.
METHODS AND RESULTS: Pig left ventricular samples were cut into slices and 
spanned into BMCS with continuous electrical pacing and online force recording. 
Automated stimulation protocols were established to determine the 
force-frequency relationship (FFR), frequency dependence of contraction 
duration, effective refractory period (ERP), and pacing threshold. Slices 
generated 1.3 ± 0.14 mN/mm2 force at 0.5 Hz electrical pacing and showed a 
positive FFR and a shortening of contraction duration with increasing pacing 
rates. Approximately 62% of slices were able to contract for at least 6 days 
while showing stable ERP, contraction duration-frequency relationship, and 
preserved cardiac structure confirmed by confocal imaging and X-ray diffraction 
analysis. We used specific blockers of the most important cardiac ion channels 
to determine which analysis parameters are influenced. To validate our approach, 
we tested five drug candidates selected from the Comprehensive in vitro 
Proarrhythmia Assay list as well as acetylsalicylic acid and DMSO as controls in 
a blinded manner in three independent laboratories. We were able to detect all 
arrhythmic drugs and their respective mode of action on cardiac tissue including 
inhibition of Na+, Ca2+, and hERG channels as well as Na+/Ca2+ exchanger.
CONCLUSION: We systematically evaluate this approach for cardiotoxicity 
screening, which is of high relevance for humans and can be upscaled to 
medium-throughput screening. Thus, our approach will improve the predictive 
value and efficiency of preclinical cardiotoxicity screening.

© The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the 
European Society of Cardiology.

DOI: 10.1093/cvr/cvad141
PMCID: PMC10651213
PMID: 37934066 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: A.D. and Th.S. are 
shareholders of InVitroSys GmbH. There are no other remaining competing 
interests.


110. Acta Cir Bras. 2023 Oct 23;38:e384123. doi: 10.1590/acb384123. eCollection 2023.

Megavoltage radiotherapy effects on organs of the reticuloendothelial system.

Pereira F(1), Petroianu A(2), Geraldo JM(3), Pereira C(1).

Author information:
(1)Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais - Departamento de Engenharia Nuclear - 
Belo Horizonte (MG) - Brazil.
(2)Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais - Departamento de Cirurgia - Belo 
Horizonte (MG) - Brazil.
(3)Hospital Luxemburgo - Centro de Radioterapia - Belo Horizonte (MG) - Brazil.

PURPOSE: To study the uptake capacity of cells from the reticuloendothelial 
system after irradiation with high-energy X-rays.
METHODS: Eighteen male Wistar rats were distributed in three groups: group A (n 
= 6): control, unirradiated animals studied alongside animals from group B; 
group B (n = 6) and group C (n = 6): animals irradiated and studied after 24 and 
48 hours, respectively. The rats were anesthetized and placed on a 10 MV linear 
accelerator. Next, they were irradiated in the abdominal region, with 8 Gy. 
Twenty-four (groups A and B) and 48 hours later (group C), a colloidal carbon 
solution (1 mL/kg) was intravenously injected in the tail vein. Fifty minutes 
later, the spleens and livers were withdrawn and prepared to be studied. Kupffer 
cells and splenic macrophages containing carbon pigments were counted in an 
optical microscope. Arithmetic means were calculated for each group and compared 
among them.
RESULTS: X-rays were associated with a reduced number of Kupffer cells 
containing colloidal carbon, proliferation and enlargement of biliary ducts, 
hypoplasia, and hepatocyte necrosis. In the irradiated spleen, the colloidal 
carbon uptake was concentrated in the marginal zone around the white pulp, with 
an inexpressive uptake of pigments by macrophages from white and red pulps.
CONCLUSIONS: The X-rays in the rat abdomen are associated with a reduction in 
the Kupffer cells uptake of colloidal carbon, hepatocyte disorders, bile duct 
proliferation, and splenic uptake of colloidal carbon concentrated in the 
marginal zone.

DOI: 10.1590/acb384123
PMCID: PMC10592569
PMID: 37878983 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: Nothing to declare.


111. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2024 Mar 15;118(4):1041-1048. doi: 
10.1016/j.ijrobp.2023.10.016. Epub 2023 Oct 21.

Accelerated Partial Breast Irradiation Using 5 Daily Fractions: A Prospective, 
Phase 2, Multicenter Trial of Cosmetic Outcomes and Toxicity-ACCEL Final 
Results.

Grendarova P(1), Roumeliotis M(2), Quirk S(3), Phan T(4), Liu HW(5), Craighead 
P(4), Lesiuk M(6), Pinilla J(6), Long K(6), Olivotto IA(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, British Columbia Cancer Agency, Victoria, 
British Columbia, Canada. Electronic address: petra.grendarova@bccancer.bc.ca.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology and Molecular Radiation Sciences, Johns 
Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland. Electronic address: mroumel1@jhu.edu.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Dana-Farber 
Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts. Electronic 
address: squirk2@bwh.harvard.edu.
(4)Department of Oncology, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta, Canada; Tom 
Baker Cancer Centre, Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
(5)Department of Oncology, University of Calgary, Calgary, Alberta, Canada; 
Central Alberta Cancer Centre, Red Deer, Alberta, Canada.
(6)Tom Baker Cancer Centre, Calgary, Alberta, Canada.

PURPOSE: This study investigated the cosmetic degradation and toxicity for an 
accelerated partial breast irradiation (APBI) prescription delivered in 5 
fractions over 1 week and compared the outcomes with those of whole breast 
irradiation (WBI).
METHODS AND MATERIALS: The trial was a multicenter, single-arm, phase 2 
prospective cohort study. Eligible women 50 years of age or older with estrogen 
receptor-positive and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative invasive 
ductal carcinoma or ductal carcinoma in situ after breast-conserving surgery 
received 27 Gy in 5 daily fractions of APBI. The primary endpoint was 
noninferiority of 2-year cosmesis using the RAPID trial's WBI arm as the control 
arm. A global consensus cosmetic score using a European Organisation for 
Research and Treatment of Cancer rating scale score of excellent, good, fair, or 
poor for each patient at baseline and 2 years was generated by a panel of 5 
radiation oncologists using photographs of treated and untreated breasts.
RESULTS: From 2016 to 2019, 298 eligible women were enrolled. By the 2-year 
follow-up, 76 patients had been lost or withdrawn and 3 had died, resulting in 
219 patients available for complete, 2-year photographic cosmetic evaluation. 
The median follow-up for all participants was 4.7 years (IQR, 3.8-5.5 years). No 
patient had a fair or poor cosmetic score at the 2-year evaluation. Cosmesis was 
better or unchanged for 97% of patients and worse for 3% (excellent to good), 
and no cosmetic failures occurred. The confidence intervals were 0.88 
(0.86-0.90) and 1.00 (0.99-1.00) for the RAPID and ACCEL trials, respectively.
CONCLUSIONS: Cosmetic degradation with 5 daily treatments of the ACCEL trial's 
APBI intervention is noninferior to the WBI arm of the RAPID trial.

Copyright © 2023 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ijrobp.2023.10.016
PMID: 37871884 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


112. J Healthc Eng. 2023 Oct 11;2023:9804590. doi: 10.1155/2023/9804590. eCollection 
2023.

Retracted: Effects of BMI1 Gene on Regulating Apoptosis, Invasion, and Migration 
of HEC-1B Cells Induced by Ionizing Radiation.

Healthcare Engineering JO.

Retraction of
    J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 2;2022:7052066. doi: 10.1155/2022/7052066.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/7052066.].

Copyright © 2023 Journal of Healthcare Engineering.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9804590
PMCID: PMC10584482
PMID: 37860451


113. J Healthc Eng. 2023 Oct 11;2023:9864805. doi: 10.1155/2023/9864805. eCollection 
2023.

Retracted: Regression Analysis of Factors Based on Cluster Analysis of Acute 
Radiation Pneumonia due to Radiation Therapy for Lung Cancer.

Healthcare Engineering JO.

Retraction of
    J Healthc Eng. 2021 Oct 13;2021:3727794. doi: 10.1155/2021/3727794.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2021/3727794.].

Copyright © 2023 Journal of Healthcare Engineering.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9864805
PMCID: PMC10584419
PMID: 37860430


114. Appl Bionics Biomech. 2023 Oct 4;2023:9873947. doi: 10.1155/2023/9873947. 
eCollection 2023.

Retracted: The Combined Clinical Efficacy and Safety Analysis of Adoptive 
Immunotherapy with Radiotherapy and Chemotherapy in Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer: 
Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.

And Biomechanics AB.

Retraction of
    Appl Bionics Biomech. 2022 Jun 6;2022:2731744. doi: 10.1155/2022/2731744.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/2731744.].

Copyright © 2023 Applied Bionics and Biomechanics.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9873947
PMCID: PMC10567412
PMID: 37829524


115. J Healthc Eng. 2023 Oct 4;2023:9820825. doi: 10.1155/2023/9820825. eCollection 
2023.

Retracted: Evaluation of Incision Margin and Radiotherapy Adjustment in Breast 
Cancer-Conserving Surgery Based on VR Pathology 3D Reconstruction.

Healthcare Engineering JO.

Retraction of
    J Healthc Eng. 2021 Aug 16;2021:2709461. doi: 10.1155/2021/2709461.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2021/2709461.].

Copyright © 2023 Journal of Healthcare Engineering.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9820825
PMCID: PMC10567287
PMID: 37829364


116. Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Oct 4;2023:9848010. doi: 10.1155/2023/9848010. 
eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Radiation Exposure of Crystalline Bodies during Interventional 
Therapy and Related Research Status.

Imaging CMM.

Retraction of
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Jul 31;2022:5480409. doi: 
10.1155/2022/5480409.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/5480409.].

Copyright © 2023 Contrast Media & Molecular Imaging.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9848010
PMCID: PMC10567184
PMID: 37829307


117. PLoS One. 2023 Oct 9;18(10):e0292822. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0292822. 
eCollection 2023.

Retraction: Silencing of APE1 Enhances Sensitivity of Human Hepatocellular 
Carcinoma Cells to Radiotherapy In Vitro and in a Xenograft Model.

PLOS ONE.

Retraction of
    PLoS One. 2013;8(2):e55313. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0055313.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0292822
PMCID: PMC10561827
PMID: 37812630


118. Oper Neurosurg (Hagerstown). 2024 Feb 1;26(2):228. doi: 
10.1227/ons.0000000000000938. Epub 2023 Oct 9.

Posterior Interhemispheric Transtentorial Subsplenial Approach for Posterior 
Thalamic Tumors: 2-Dimensional Operative Video.

Doğruel Y(1), Rahmanov S(1), Güngör A(1)(2), Türe U(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Yeditepe University School of Medicine, Istanbul 
, Turkey.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Istinye University, Faculty of Medicine, Istanbul 
, Turkey.

INDICATIONS CORRIDOR AND LIMITS OF EXPOSURE: The posterior interhemispheric 
transtentorial subsplenial approach provides a direct corridor to posterior 
thalamic lesions without a cortical or callosal incision. 1.
ANATOMIC ESSENTIALS NEED FOR PREOPERATIVE PLANNING AND ASSESSMENT: This corridor 
is through the posterior interhemispheric fissure along the medial surface of 
the cuneus and allows the subsplenial region to be explored. Evaluating the 
tumor's size and extension is crucial to determining the suitability of this 
approach. The deep venous system may be displaced from mass effect, requiring 
preoperative venous examination.
ESSENTIALS STEPS OF THE PROCEDURE: A 34-year-old male patient was admitted 
elsewhere with blurred vision and imbalance. MRI revealed a right-sided 
posterior thalamic tumor with heterogeneous contrast enhancement. The patient 
was followed-up after placement of a ventriculoperitoneal shunt. Seven months 
later, he was admitted to our clinic because the tumor had grown. The patient 
underwent surgical intervention. The patient was placed in the prone oblique 
position. After dural opening, the quadrigeminal cistern was opened to release 
cerebrospinal fluid, allowing significant gravity relaxation of the ipsilateral 
hemisphere. The tentorium was cut and retracted to achieve the necessary 
exposure.
PITFALLS/AVOIDANCE OF COMPLICATIONS: The most serious complications of this 
approach occur from vascular injuries. Gravitational retraction of the occipital 
lobe protects the optic radiation, and anatomic landmarks help the surgeon 
maintain anatomic orientation.
VARIANTS AND INDICATIONS FOR THEIR USE: The perimedian supracerebellar 
transtentorial approach is an alternative to the posterior interhemispheric 
transtentorial subsplenial approach for lesions in this area; however, the 
indications and limits of these approaches have some differences.The patient 
consented to the procedure and to the publication of his/her image.Images at 
0:29 reused from Serra et al, 1 with permission from Elsevier.

Copyright © Congress of Neurological Surgeons 2023. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1227/ons.0000000000000938
PMID: 37811933 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


119. Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9895053. doi: 10.1155/2023/9895053. 
eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Risk Factors of Acute Radiation-Induced Lung Injury Induced by 
Radiotherapy for Esophageal Cancer.

Methods In Medicine CAM.

Retraction of
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jul 13;2022:2416196. doi: 
10.1155/2022/2416196.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/2416196.].

Copyright © 2023 Computational and Mathematical Methods in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9895053
PMCID: PMC10551501
PMID: 37811299


120. Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9898025. doi: 10.1155/2023/9898025. 
eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Tap Test Image Dynamic Tracking Study after Thyroid Cancer Surgery 
and after Radiotherapy and Chemotherapy.

Methods In Medicine CAM.

Retraction of
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2021 Apr 16;2021:8072126. doi: 
10.1155/2021/8072126.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2021/8072126.].

Copyright © 2023 Computational and Mathematical Methods in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9898025
PMCID: PMC10551262
PMID: 37811272


121. Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9814847. doi: 10.1155/2023/9814847. 
eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Research on Improving Radiotherapy Accuracy Based on Image-Guided 
Radiotherapy.

Imaging CMM.

Retraction of
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Aug 9;2022:9696403. doi: 
10.1155/2022/9696403.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/9696403.].

Copyright © 2023 Contrast Media & Molecular Imaging.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9814847
PMCID: PMC10551527
PMID: 37810477


122. Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9756594. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9756594. eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Serum MMP-9 and SAA in the Diagnosis of Severe Pneumonia Caused by 
Radiotherapy of Esophageal Cancer.

And Alternative Medicine EC.

Retraction of
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2021 Aug 05;2021:6032546. doi: 
10.1155/2021/6032546.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2021/6032546.].

Copyright © 2023 Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9756594
PMCID: PMC10551218
PMID: 37808147


123. J Contemp Brachytherapy. 2023 Aug;15(4):269-274. doi: 10.5114/jcb.2023.130842. 
Epub 2023 Aug 30.

Dosimetric comparison of rectal dose-reductive techniques in intra-cavitary 
brachytherapy for cervical cancer: A retrospective analysis.

Sawada M(1)(2), Shiraishi Y(1)(2), Toyama H(1)(2), Tanaka T(1)(2), Kota R(1)(2), 
Shigematsu N(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Keio University School of Medicine, Shinjuku-ku, 
Tokyo, Japan.
(2)Department and institution address where the research was conducted: 
Department of Radiology, Keio University School of Medicine, 35, Shinano-machi, 
Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan.

PURPOSE: Rectal complications in radiotherapy for cervical cancer can highly 
affect quality of life and correlate with rectal dose. Vaginal gauze packing 
(VP) and rectal retraction (RR) are widely used for rectal dose reduction in 
high-dose-rate brachytherapy. We aimed to perform a dosimetric comparison of 
these two methods for three-dimensional image-guided adaptive brachytherapy.
MATERIAL AND METHODS: We retrospectively examined 50 patients with cervical 
cancer treated with definitive radiotherapy, including intra-cavitary 
brachytherapy, performed with VP and RR. We extracted two fractions for each 
patient: one fraction with VP and the next fraction with RR, and then compared 
dose-volume parameters. In total, 50 fractions each were analyzed in VP and RR 
groups. Dose to 90% (D90) of high-risk clinical target volume (HR-CTV), and 
minimum dose to most exposed 2.0 cm3 of other organs at risk (D2cm3) for the 
rectum and bladder were determined from planning computed tomography.
RESULTS: There were no significant differences between VP and RR in D90 of 
HR-CTV (mean: 7.479 Gy and 7.652 Gy, respectively, p = 0.172). The D2cm3 values 
for the rectum (mean: 4.234 Gy vs. 4.627 Gy, p = 0.008) and bladder (mean: 5.959 
Gy vs. 6.690 Gy, p < 0.001) were significantly lower with VP compared with RR.
CONCLUSIONS: VP reduced the dose to the rectum and bladder when compared with RR 
without impairing the dose to CTV.

Copyright © 2023 Termedia.

DOI: 10.5114/jcb.2023.130842
PMCID: PMC10548429
PMID: 37799123

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflict of interest.


124. Radiat Oncol J. 2023 Sep;41(3):144-153. doi: 10.3857/roj.2023.00430. Epub 2023 
Aug 23.

Exploring the past, present, and future of postoperative radiotherapy for N2 
stage non-small cell lung cancer.

Kim BH(1)(2)(3), Kim JS(3)(4), Kim HJ(1)(3)(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Seoul National University College of 
Medicine, Seoul, Korea.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Seoul Metropolitan Government Seoul 
National University Boramae Medical Center, Seoul, Korea.
(3)Cancer Research Institute, Seoul National University College of Medicine, 
Seoul, Korea.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Soonchunhyang University Seoul Hospital, 
Soonchunhyang University College of Medicine, Seoul, Korea.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Seoul National University Hospital, Seoul, 
Korea.

Despite conventionally applied postoperative radiotherapy (PORT) in pathological 
N2 (pN2) stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) considering high locoregional 
recurrence, its survival benefit has been a continuous topic of debate. Although 
several randomized clinical trials have been conducted, many of them have been 
withdrawn or analyzed without statistical significance due to slow accrual, 
making it difficult to determine the efficacy of PORT. Recently, the results of 
large-scale randomized clinical trials have been published, which showed some 
improvement in disease-free survival with PORT, but finally had no impact on 
overall survival. Based on these results, it was expected that the debate over 
PORT in pN2 patients with NSCLC would come to an end. However, since pN2 
patients have different clinicopathologic features, it has become more important 
to carefully select the patient population who will benefit from PORT. In 
addition, given the development of systemic treatments such as 
molecular-targeted therapy and immunotherapy, it is crucial to evaluate whether 
there is any benefit to PORT in the midst of these recent changes. Therefore, 
determining the optimal treatment approach for NSCLC pN2 patients remains a 
complex issue that requires further research and evaluation.

DOI: 10.3857/roj.2023.00430
PMCID: PMC10556840
PMID: 37793623

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest No potential conflict of 
interest relevant to this article was reported.


125. Front Med (Lausanne). 2023 Sep 13;10:1292285. doi: 10.3389/fmed.2023.1292285. 
eCollection 2023.

Retraction: Case report: Treatment of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with 
stereotactic body radiotherapy.

Frontiers Editorial Office.

Retraction of
    Front Med (Lausanne). 2022 Jun 01;9:799310. doi: 10.3389/fmed.2022.799310.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.3389/fmed.2022.799310.].

Copyright © 2023 Frontiers Editorial Office.

DOI: 10.3389/fmed.2023.1292285
PMCID: PMC10534971
PMID: 37780574


126. World Neurosurg. 2023 Dec;180:144-145. doi: 10.1016/j.wneu.2023.09.044. Epub 
2023 Sep 22.

Tractography Navigated Endoscopic En-Bloc Excision of Pediatric Giant Choroid 
Plexus Tumor.

Dhandapani S(1), Singh K(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education & 
Research (PGIMER), Chandigarh, India. Electronic address: 
ssdhandapani.neurosurg@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education & 
Research (PGIMER), Chandigarh, India.

Giant choroid plexus (CP) tumors in children pose a formidable surgical 
challenge due to extensive vascularity/blood loss, tumor size impeding early 
visualization of the pedicle, hydrocephalus/mass effect distorting cerebral 
localization, considerable prevalence of atypical tumors and carcinoma demanding 
excision without tumor spillage, and retraction-associated morbidity. However, 
total resection of CP papilloma has excellent potential for cure. This is 
probably the first report in the literature of diffusion tensor imaging 
navigation-guided tumor pedicle targeting, endoscopic devascularization and 
division of pedicle followed by en bloc delivery in optimally tackling most of 
these challenges in a 6-year-old girl presenting with a giant lateral 
ventricular CP tumor. Giant CP tumors pose a formidable challenge. Extensive 
vascularity can cause life-threatening blood loss in children.1 Large tumor size 
makes it impractical during microsurgery to achieve early visualization of 
pedicle.2 Hydrocephalus and mass effect can distort sulcal anatomy, with 
potentially devastating deficits.3 Still, prevalence of atypical tumors and 
carcinoma warrants excision without tumor spillage.4 In Video 1, we demonstrate 
our "10-D" steps of en-bloc excision, exploiting panoramic visualization of 
endoscope5: 1. Diagnosis, 2. Diffusion tensor imaging guided pedicle targeting, 
3. Design position & exposure, 4. Durotomy, 5. Dissection of sulcus, 6. 
Delineation of pedicle, 7. Devascularization, 8. Division of pedicle, 9. 
Delivery of tumor, and 10. Dural & skin closure. The conventional superior 
parietal lobule approach to get the tumor en-bloc would have been from the 
posterosuperior direction, where the tumor is likely to conceal the pedicle. The 
trajectory to first get to the pedicle must be from an anterosuperior direction 
but will violate corticospinal fibers. Hence entry point was chosen in between, 
just posterior to the post-central sulcus. To accommodate the 'en-bloc' excision 
avoiding ventricular seedlings, a 5 cm mini-craniotomy was fashioned centered on 
the entry point planned in the navigation system. Ventricle was entered 
perpendicular to the sulcus through the roof of the atrium, with least cortical 
transgression and avoiding injury to laterally placed optic radiation and speech 
areas.6 A 30-degree, 4-mm endoscope was inserted anterolateral to the tumor and 
fixed. The wide-angled vision offered by endoscopes enhancing meticulous 
dissection is the likely cause of better neurological outcomes, as noted in 
other ventricular lesions.7 Pedicular attachment of the tumor is coagulated 
thoroughly and cut, ensuring initial sparing of venous drainage. The draining 
vein is then coagulated and divided. 'En-bloc' excision is also known in other 
vascular lesions to decrease the risk of bleeding.8 The angled optics & 
panoramic visualization helps to identify any possible tumor seedlings.9 This is 
probably the first report of endoscopic en-bloc excision of a giant choroid 
plexus tumor in literature.

Copyright © 2023 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.wneu.2023.09.044
PMID: 37741328 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


127. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2023 Oct;30(48):105954-105966. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-023-29680-6. Epub 2023 Sep 18.

Do clean energy technologies, ecotourism, health policy, and green education 
help in achieving sustainability in China?

Wang K(1), Yu W(2), Song X(3).

Author information:
(1)The First Affiliated Hospital of Hebei North University, Zhangjiakou City, 
Hebei Province, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Hebei North 
University, Zhangjiakou City, Hebei Province, China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Hebei North 
University, Zhangjiakou City, Hebei Province, China. congcongdad@163.com.

Retraction in
    Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2024 Oct;31(48):58660. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-024-35110-y.

Sustainable development has become the foremost requirement for sustainable 
economic conditions all around the globe, and this aspect demands new literature 
and regulators' emphasis. Hence, the present research investigates the impact of 
clean energy technologies, human development, health policies, green education, 
and ecotourism policy on sustainable development in China from 1991 to 2021. The 
researchers investigate the association among the variables using dynamic 
autoregressive distributed lag (DARDL). The outcomes revealed that clean energy 
technologies, human development, health policies, green education, and 
ecotourism policy have positive linkages with sustainable development in China. 
The article provides guidelines to the policymakers in developing policies 
related to attain sustainable development using effective clean energy 
technologies, human development, health policies, green education, and 
ecotourism policy.

© 2023. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, 
part of Springer Nature.

DOI: 10.1007/s11356-023-29680-6
PMID: 37718368 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


128. J Craniofac Surg. 2023 Nov-Dec 01;34(8):e773-e774. doi: 
10.1097/SCS.0000000000009638. Epub 2023 Sep 9.

Improved Reverse Postauricular Island Flap for Repair of Lower Conjunctival 
Fornix Retraction.

Fan J(1), Guo R.

Author information:
(1)Ninth Department of Plastic Surgery, Plastic Surgery Hospital Chinese Academy 
of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Shijingshan, Beijing, 
People's Republic of China.

ABSTRACT: Repair of lower conjunctival fornix retraction is a great challenge 
for plastic surgeons in the aspects of orbital prosthesis retaining and cosmetic 
appearance. Hereby, a 25-year-old woman, suffering from lower conjunctival 
fornix retraction after the removal of retinoblastoma and radiotherapy, was 
undertaking the treatment with an improved reverse postauricular island flap for 
expansion of the lower conjunctival fornix, and volume augmentation of the 
anophthalmic socket in one stage. The flap was based on the parietal branch of 
the superficial temporal artery and its vascular architecture to the 
postauricular vascular system, and successfully transferred by passing through a 
subcutaneous tunnel. The satisfactory result indicated that the mentioned 
technique may be a good option in surgical rehabilitation of the stable depth of 
the lower conjunctival fornix, not only from the reliable blood supply and the 
suitable thickness of the flap but also from the less donor morbidity without an 
exposed unsightly scar.
LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Level V.

Copyright © 2023 by Mutaz B. Habal, MD.

DOI: 10.1097/SCS.0000000000009638
PMID: 37695084 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest.


129. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Front Oncol. 2023 Aug 17;13:1193736. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2023.1193736. eCollection 
2023.

New insights into molecular signaling pathways and current advancements in 
prostate cancer diagnostics & therapeutics.

Thakur N(1), Quazi S(2)(3)(4)(5)(6), Naik B(7), Jha SK(8)(9)(10), Singh P(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Biotechnology, Graphic Era (Deemed to be University), Dehradun, 
Uttarakhand, India.
(2)Department of Chemistry, Akshara First Grade College, Bengaluru, India.
(3)GenLab Biosolutions Private Limited, Bangalore, Karnataka, India.
(4)Department of Biomedical Sciences, School of Life Sciences, Anglia Ruskin 
University, Cambridge, United Kingdom.
(5)School of Health Sciences, Faculty of Biology, Medicine and Health, The 
University of Manchester, Manchester, United Kingdom.
(6)Solution Chemistry of Advanced Materials and Technologies (SCAMT) Institute, 
ITMO University, St. Petersburg, Russia.
(7)Department of Food Science and Technology, Graphic Era Deemed to be 
University, Dehradun, Uttarakhand, India.
(8)Department of Biotechnology, School of Engineering and Technology, Sharda 
University, Greater Noida, India.
(9)Department of Biotechnology Engineering and Food Technology, Chandigarh 
University, Mohali, India.
(10)Department of Biotechnology, School of Applied & Life Sciences (SALS), 
Uttaranchal University, Dehradun, India.

Retraction in
    Front Oncol. 2023 Dec 07;13:1343833. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2023.1343833.

Prostate adenocarcinoma accounts for more than 20% of deaths among males due to 
cancer. It is the fifth-leading cancer diagnosed in males across the globe. The 
mortality rate is quite high due to prostate cancer. Despite the fact that 
advancements in diagnostics and therapeutics have been made, there is a lack of 
effective drugs. Metabolic pathways are altered due to the triggering of 
androgen receptor (AR) signaling pathways, and elevated levels of 
dihydrotestosterone are produced due to defects in AR signaling that accelerate 
the growth of prostate cancer cells. Further, PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathways interact 
with AR signaling pathway and act as precursors to promote prostate cancer. 
Prostate cancer therapy has been classified into luminal A, luminal B, and basal 
subtypes. Therapeutic drugs inhibiting dihydrotestosterone and PI3K have shown 
to give promising results to combat prostate cancer. Many second-generation 
Androgen receptor signaling antagonists are given either as single agent or with 
the combination of other drugs. In order to develop a cure for metastasized 
prostate cancer cells, Androgen deprivation therapy (ADT) is applied by using 
surgical or chemical methods. In many cases, Prostatectomy or local radiotherapy 
are used to control metastasized prostate cancer. However, it has been observed 
that after 1.5 years to 2 years of Prostatectomy or castration, there is 
reoccurrence of prostate cancer and high incidence of castration resistant 
prostate cancer is seen in population undergone ADT. It has been observed that 
Androgen derivation therapy combined with drugs like abiraterone acetate or 
docetaxel improve overall survival rate in metastatic hormone sensitive prostate 
cancer (mHSPC) patients. Scientific investigations have revealed that drugs 
inhibiting poly ADP Ribose polymerase (PARP) are showing promising results in 
clinical trials in the prostate cancer population with mCRPC and DNA repair 
abnormalities. Recently, RISUG adv (reversible inhibition of sperm under 
guidance) has shown significant results against prostate cancer cell lines and 
MTT assay has validated substantial effects of this drug against PC3 cell lines. 
Current review paper highlights the advancements in prostate cancer therapeutics 
and new drug molecules against prostate cancer. It will provide detailed 
insights on the signaling pathways which need to be targeted to combat 
metastasized prostate cancer and castration resistant prostate cancer.

Copyright © 2023 Thakur, Quazi, Naik, Jha and Singh.

DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2023.1193736
PMCID: PMC10469924
PMID: 37664036

Conflict of interest statement: SQ is the Founder and CEO of GenLab Biosolutions 
Private Limited. The remaining authors declare that the research was conducted 
in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be 
construed as a potential conflict of interest.


130. Environ Health. 2023 Sep 2;22(1):62. doi: 10.1186/s12940-023-01013-7.

Mistaken information can lead only to misguided conclusions and policies: a 
commentary regarding Schüz et al.'s response.

Tsuda T(1), Miyano Y(2), Yamamoto E(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Human Ecology, Graduate School of Environmental and Life 
Science, Okayama University, 3-1-1 Tsushima-naka, Kita-ku, Okayama, 700-8530, 
Japan. tsudatos@md.okayama-u.ac.jp.
(2)Department of Epidemiology, Graduate School of Medicine, Dentistry and 
Pharmaceutical Sciences, Okayama University, Okayama, Japan.
(3)Okayama University of Science, Okayama, Japan.

Comment on
    Environ Health. 2022 Aug 24;21(1):77. doi: 10.1186/s12940-022-00884-6.
    Environ Health. 2023 Jan 26;22(1):13. doi: 10.1186/s12940-022-00952-x.

BACKGROUND: After reviewing selected scientific evidence, Schüz et al. made two 
recommendations in the 2018 International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) 
Technical Publication No. 46. Their first recommendation was against population 
thyroid screening after a nuclear accident, and the second was that 
consideration be given to offering a long-term thyroid monitoring program for 
higher-risk individuals (100-500 mGy or more radiation) after a nuclear 
accident. However, their review of the scientific evidence was inadequate and 
misrepresented the information from both Chernobyl and Fukushima. We wrote a 
review article published in Environmental Health in 2022 using the "Toolkit for 
detecting misused epidemiological methods." Schüz et al. critiqued our 2022 
review article in 2023; their critique, based also on their 2018 IARC Technical 
Publication No. 46, was so fraught with problems that we developed this 
response.
MAIN BODY: Schüz et al. suggest that hundreds of thyroid cancer cases in 
children and adolescents, detected through population thyroid examinations using 
ultrasound echo and conducted since October 2011 in Fukushima, were not caused 
by the 2011 Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant accident. Schüz et al. 
compared thyroid cancers in Fukushima directly with those in Chernobyl after 
April 1986 and listed up to five reasons to deny a causal relationship between 
radiation and thyroid cancers in Fukushima; however, those reasons we dismiss 
based on available evidence. No new scientific evidence was presented in their 
response to our commentary in which we pointed out that misinformation and 
biased scientific evidence had formed the basis of their arguments. Their 
published article provided erroneous information on Fukushima. The article 
implied overdiagnosis in adults and suggested that overdiagnosis would apply to 
current Fukushima cases. The IARC report did not validate the secondary 
confirmatory examination in the program which obscures the fact that 
overdiagnosis may not have occurred as much in Fukushima. The report 
consequently precluded the provision of important information and measures.
CONCLUSION: Information provided in the IARC Technical Publication No. 46 was 
based on selected scientific evidence resulting in both public and policy-maker 
confusion regarding past and present nuclear accidents, especially in Japan. It 
should be withdrawn.

© 2023. BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.

DOI: 10.1186/s12940-023-01013-7
PMCID: PMC10474698
PMID: 37658452 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


131. Cureus. 2023 Jul 26;15(7):e42497. doi: 10.7759/cureus.42497. eCollection 2023 
Jul.

Depression and Nystagmus as the Rare Masquerading Presentations of Pineal 
Germinoma.

Wong KH(1), Cheng TC(1), Md Pauzi SH(2), Wan Abdul Halim WH(1), Md Din N(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Ophthalmology, Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia Medical Centre, 
Kuala Lumpur, MYS.
(2)Department of Pathology, Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia Medical Centre, Kuala 
Lumpur, MYS.

Convergence-retraction nystagmus alongside behavioral changes can be rare 
manifestations of a potentially life-threatening midbrain lesion. After 
experiencing headaches for three months, a 13-year-old boy was diagnosed with 
depression due to exhibiting reduced speech, hypersomnia, and psychomotor 
slowing for three weeks. It was preceded by headache for three months. 
Examination revealed visual acuity of 6/6 bilaterally, convergence-retraction 
nystagmus worst on upgaze, limited bilateral ocular motility in upgaze, and 
light-near dissociation on pupil examination, all of which point towards 
Parinaud's syndrome. However, there was no lid retraction to suggest Collier's 
sign. Fundus examination revealed papilledema. Magnetic resonance imaging showed 
a large pineal mass extending to both thalami, dilated ventricles due to 
obstructive hydrocephalus, and cerebral edema. An urgent external ventricular 
drain was inserted, and biopsy revealed pineal gland germinoma. Chemotherapy and 
radiotherapy resulted in adequate tumor shrinkage. This case report highlights 
that subacute behavioral changes may mask a potentially life-threatening 
intracranial tumor, especially when associated with abnormal eye movement.

Copyright © 2023, Wong et al.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.42497
PMCID: PMC10456144
PMID: 37637548

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


132. Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Aug 16;2023:9812160. doi: 10.1155/2023/9812160. 
eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Diagnostic and Prognostic Value of DACH1 Methylation in the 
Sensitivity of Esophageal Cancer to Radiotherapy.

Imaging CMM.

Retraction of
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Sep 29;2022:6857685. doi: 
10.1155/2022/6857685.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/6857685.].

Copyright © 2023 Contrast Media & Molecular Imaging.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9812160
PMCID: PMC10446988
PMID: 37621672


133. Hum Reprod. 2023 Oct 3;38(10):1938-1951. doi: 10.1093/humrep/dead162.

FGF2, LIF, and IGF1 (FLI) supplementation during human in vitro maturation 
enhances markers of gamete competence.

Amargant F(1), Zhou LT(1), Yuan Y(2), Nahar A(2), Krisher RL(3), Spate LD(4), 
Roberts RM(4), Prather RS(4), Rowell EE(5)(6), Laronda MM(1)(7)(8), Duncan 
FE(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Feinberg School of Medicine, 
Northwestern University, Chicago, IL, USA.
(2)Colorado Center for Reproductive Medicine, Lone Tree, CO, USA.
(3)Genus PLC, Madison, WI, USA.
(4)Division of Animal Sciences, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO, USA.
(5)Division of Pediatric Surgery, Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of 
Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.
(6)Department of Surgery, Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, 
Chicago, IL, USA.
(7)Stanley Manne Children's Research Institute, Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's 
Hospital of Chicago, Chicago, IL, USA.
(8)Department of Pediatrics, Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern 
University, Chicago, IL, USA.

STUDY QUESTION: Does a chemically defined maturation medium supplemented with 
FGF2, LIF, and IGF1 (FLI) improve in vitro maturation (IVM) of cumulus-oocyte 
complexes (COCs) obtained from children, adolescents, and young adults 
undergoing ovarian tissue cryopreservation (OTC)?
SUMMARY ANSWER: Although FLI supplementation did not increase the incidence of 
oocyte meiotic maturation during human IVM, it significantly improved quality 
outcomes, including increased cumulus cell expansion and mitogen-activated 
protein kinase (MAPK) expression as well as enhanced transzonal projection 
retraction.
WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: During OTC, COCs, and denuded oocytes from small antral 
follicles are released into the processing media. Recovery and IVM of these COCs 
is emerging as a complementary technique to maximize the fertility preservation 
potential of the tissue. However, the success of IVM is low, especially in the 
pediatric population. Supplementation of IVM medium with FLI quadruples the 
efficiency of pig production through improved oocyte maturation, but whether a 
similar benefit occurs in humans has not been investigated.
STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This study enrolled 75 participants between 
January 2018 and December 2021 undergoing clinical fertility preservation 
through the Fertility & Hormone Preservation & Restoration Program at the Ann & 
Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago. Participants donated OTC media, 
accumulated during tissue processing, for research.
PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Participants who underwent OTC and 
include a pediatric population that encompassed children, adolescents, and young 
adults ≤22 years old. All participant COCs and denuded oocytes were recovered 
from media following ovarian tissue processing. IVM was then performed in either 
a standard medium (oocyte maturation medium) or one supplemented with FLI (FGF2; 
40 ng/ml, LIF; 20 ng/ml, and IGF1; 20 ng/ml). IVM outcomes included meiotic 
progression, cumulus cell expansion, transzonal projection retraction, and 
detection of MAPK protein expression.
MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: The median age of participants was 
6.3 years, with 65% of them classified as prepubertal by Tanner staging. 
Approximately 60% of participants had been exposed to chemotherapy and/or 
radiation prior to OTC. On average 4.7 ± 1 COCs and/or denuded oocytes per 
participant were recovered from the OTC media. COCs (N = 41) and denuded oocytes 
(N = 29) were used for IVM (42 h) in a standard or FLI-supplemented maturation 
medium. The incidence of meiotic maturation was similar between cohorts (COCs: 
25.0% vs 28.6% metaphase II arrested eggs in Control vs FLI; denuded oocytes: 0% 
vs 5.3% in Control vs FLI). However, cumulus cell expansion was 1.9-fold greater 
in COCs matured in FLI-containing medium relative to Controls and transzonal 
projection retraction was more pronounced (2.45 ± 0.50 vs 1.16 ± 0.78 
projections in Control vs FLIat 16 h). Additionally, MAPK expression was 
significantly higher in cumulus cells obtained from COCs matured in FLI medium 
for 16-18 h (chemiluminescence corrected area 621,678 vs 2,019,575 a.u., 
P = 0.03).
LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Our samples are from human participants who 
exhibited heterogeneity with respect to age, diagnosis, and previous treatment 
history. Future studies with larger sample sizes, including adult participants, 
are warranted to determine the mechanism by which FLI induces MAPK expression 
and activation. Moreover, studies that evaluate the developmental competence of 
eggs derived from FLI treatment, including assessment of embryos as outcome 
measures, will be required prior to clinical translation.
WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: FLI supplementation may have a conserved 
beneficial effect on IVM for children, adolescents, and young adults spanning 
the agricultural setting to clinical fertility preservation.
STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This work was supported by Department of 
Obstetrics and Gynecology startup funds (F.E.D.), Department of Surgery Faculty 
Practice Plan Grant and the Fertility & Hormone Preservation & Restoration 
Program at the Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago (M.M.L. and 
E.E.R.). M.M.L. is a Gesualdo Foundation Research Scholar. Y.Y.'s research is 
supported by the internal research funds provided by Colorado Center of 
Reproductive Medicine. Y.Y., L.D.S., R.M.R., and R.S.P. have a patent pending 
for FLI. The remaining authors have no conflict of interest.
TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.

© The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of European 
Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved. For 
permissions, please email: journals.permissions@oup.com.

DOI: 10.1093/humrep/dead162
PMID: 37608600 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


134. Appl Phys Lett. 2023 Aug 14;123(7):073701. doi: 10.1063/5.0155223. Epub 2023 Aug 
16.

Vortex-ultrasound for microbubble-mediated thrombolysis of retracted clots.

Kim H, Zhang B(1), Wu H(1), Yao J(2), Shi C, Jiang X(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, North Carolina State 
University, Raleigh, North Carolina 27695, USA.
(2)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Duke University, Durham, North Carolina 
27708, USA.

Endovascular sonothrombolysis has gained significant attention due to its 
benefits, including direct targeting of the thrombus with sonication and reduced 
side effects. However, the small aperture of endovascular transducers restricts 
the improvement of their potential clinical efficiency due to inefficient 
acoustic radiation. Hence, in an earlier study, we used vortex ultrasound with 
an endovascular ultrasound transducer to induce shear stress and enhance the 
clot lysis. In this study, the vortex acoustic transduction mechanism was 
investigated using numerical simulations and hydrophone tests. Following this 
characterization, we demonstrated the performance of the vortex ultrasound 
transducer in thrombolysis of retracted clots in in vitro tests. The test 
results indicated that the maximum lysis rates were 79.0% and 32.2% with the 
vortex ultrasound for unretracted and retracted clots, respectively. The vortex 
ultrasound enhanced the efficiency of the thrombolysis by approximately 49%, 
both for retracted and unretracted clots, compared with the typical non-vortex 
ultrasound technique. Therefore, the use of endovascular vortex ultrasound holds 
promise as a potential clinical option for the thrombolysis of retracted clots.

© 2023 Author(s).

DOI: 10.1063/5.0155223
PMCID: PMC10435273
PMID: 37600080

Conflict of interest statement: Howuk Kim, Bohua Zhang, Huaiyu Wu, Chengzhi Shi, 
and Xiaoning Jiang are inventors of several intravascular sonothrombolysis 
technologies that were licensed to SonoVascular. Xiaoning Jiang has served as a 
consultant and a scientific advisor for SonoVascular, Inc.


135. Healthc (Amst). 2023 Sep;11(3):100704. doi: 10.1016/j.hjdsi.2023.100704. Epub 
2023 Aug 21.

An assessment of the association between patient race and prior authorization 
program determinations in the context of radiation therapy.

Powell AC(1), Lugo CT(2), Pickerell JT(3), Long JW(3), Loy BA(3), Mirhadi AJ(2).

Author information:
(1)HealthHelp, 16945 Northchase Drive, Suite 1300, Houston, TX, 77060, USA; 
Payer+Provider Syndicate, 20 Oakland Ave., Newton, MA, 02466, USA. Electronic 
address: powell@payerprovider.com.
(2)HealthHelp, 16945 Northchase Drive, Suite 1300, Houston, TX, 77060, USA.
(3)Humana, 500 W. Main St., Louisville, KY, 40202, USA.

BACKGROUND: When a physician determines that a patient needs radiation therapy 
(RT), they submit an RT order to a prior authorization program which assesses 
guideline-concordance. A rule-based clinical decision support system (CDSS) 
evaluates whether the order is appropriate or potentially non-indicated. If 
potentially non-indicated, a board-certified oncologist discusses the order with 
the ordering physician. After discussion, the order is authorized, modified, 
withdrawn, or recommended for denial. Although patient race is not captured 
during ordering, bias prior to and during ordering, or during the discussion, 
may influence outcomes. This study evaluated if associations existed between 
race and order determinations by the CDSS and by the overall prior authorization 
program.
METHODS: RT orders placed in 2019, pertaining to patients with Medicare 
Advantage health plans from one national organization, were analyzed. The 
association between race and prior authorization outcomes was examined for RT 
orders for all cancers, and then separately for breast, lung, and prostate 
cancers. Analyses controlled for the patient's age, urbanicity, and the median 
income in the patient's ZIP code. Adjusted analyses were conducted on unmatched 
and racially-matched samples.
RESULTS: Of the 10,145 patients included in the sample, 8,061 (79.5%) were White 
and 2,084 (20.5%) were Black. Race was not found to have a significant 
association with CDSS or prior authorization outcomes in any of the analyses.
CONCLUSIONS: CDSS and prior authorization outcomes suggested similar rates of 
clinical appropriateness of orders for patients, regardless of race.
IMPLICATIONS: Prior authorization utilizing rule-based CDSS was capable of 
enforcing guidelines without introducing racial bias.

Copyright © 2023. Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.hjdsi.2023.100704
PMID: 37598613 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors 
declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be 
considered as potential competing interests: ACP, CTL, and AJM report an 
employment or consulting relationship with HealthHelp/WNS. JTP, JWL, and BAL 
report employment by Humana Inc. ACP additionally reports employment by 
Payer + Provider Syndicate, and stock ownership of Amazon, Berkshire Hathaway, 
JPMorgan Chase, Payer + Provider Syndicate, Target, and Walmart.


136. Small. 2023 Dec;19(49):e2302856. doi: 10.1002/smll.202302856. Epub 2023 Aug 18.

Exceedingly Small Magnetic Iron Oxide Nanoparticles for T(1) -Weighted Magnetic 
Resonance Imaging and Imaging-Guided Therapy of Tumors.

Yang J(1), Feng J(2), Yang S(3), Xu Y(2), Shen Z(1).

Author information:
(1)School of Biomedical Engineering, Southern Medical University, 1023 Shatai 
South Road, Baiyun, Guangzhou, Guangdong, 510515, China.
(2)Medical Imaging Center, Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, 1023 
Shatai South Road, Baiyun, Guangzhou, Guangdong, 510515, China.
(3)Department of Biomedical Science, BK21 FOUR Program in Biomedical Science and 
Engineering, Inha University College of Medicine, Incheon, 22212, South Korea.

Magnetic iron oxide nanoparticles (MIONs) based T2 -weighted magnetic resonance 
imaging (MRI) contrast agents (CAs) are liver-specific with good 
biocompatibility, but have been withdrawn from the market and replaced with 
Eovist (Gd-EOB-DTPA) due to their inherent limitations (e.g., susceptibility to 
artifacts, high magnetic moment, dark signals, long processing time of T2 
imaging, and long waiting time for patients after administration). Without the 
disadvantages of Gd-chelates and MIONs, the recently emerging exceedingly small 
MIONs (ES-MIONs) (<5 nm) are promising T1 CAs for MRI. However, there are rare 
review articles focusing on ES-MIONs for T1 -weighted MRI. Herein, the recent 
progress of ES-MIONs, including synthesis methods (the current basic synthesis 
methods and improved methods), surface modifications (artificial polymers, 
natural polymers, zwitterions, and functional protein), T1 -MRI visual 
strategies (structural remodeling, reversible self-assemblies, metal ions doped, 
T1 /T2 dual imaging modes, and PET/MRI strategy), and imaging-guided cancer 
therapy (chemotherapy, gene therapy, ferroptosis therapy, photothermal therapy, 
photodymatic therapy, radiotherapy, immuotherapy, sonodynamic therapy, and 
multimode therapy), is summarized. The detailed description of synthesis methods 
and applications of ES-MIONs in this review is anticipated to attract extensive 
interest from researchers in different fields and promote their participation in 
the establishment of ES-MIONs based nanoplatforms for tumor theranostics.

© 2023 Wiley-VCH GmbH.

DOI: 10.1002/smll.202302856
PMID: 37596716 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


137. J Healthc Eng. 2023 Aug 2;2023:9806931. doi: 10.1155/2023/9806931. eCollection 
2023.

Retracted: Bevacizumab Combined with Intensity-Modulated Radiation Therapy on 
Cognitive and Coagulation Function in Postoperative Glioma Patients.

Healthcare Engineering JO.

Retraction of
    J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 12;2022:9367919. doi: 10.1155/2022/9367919.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/9367919.].

Copyright © 2023 Journal of Healthcare Engineering.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9806931
PMCID: PMC10412095
PMID: 37564810


138. Front Zool. 2023 Aug 8;20(1):26. doi: 10.1186/s12983-023-00503-1.

Terebra steering in chalcidoid wasps.

Eggs B(1), Fischer S(2)(3), Csader M(2)(4), Mikó I(5), Rack A(6), Betz O(2).

Author information:
(1)Evolutionary Biology of Invertebrates, Institute of Evolution and Ecology, 
University of Tübingen, Auf der Morgenstelle 28, 72076, Tübingen, Germany. 
benjamin.eggs@uni-tuebingen.de.
(2)Evolutionary Biology of Invertebrates, Institute of Evolution and Ecology, 
University of Tübingen, Auf der Morgenstelle 28, 72076, Tübingen, Germany.
(3)Tübingen Structural Microscopy Core Facility (TSM), University of Tübingen, 
Schnarrenbergstraße 94-96, 72076, Tübingen, Germany.
(4)State Museum of Natural History Karlsruhe, Erbprinzenstraße 13, 76133, 
Karlsruhe, Germany.
(5)Department of Biological Sciences, University of New Hampshire Collection of 
Insects and Other Arthropods, University of New Hampshire, Spaulding Hall, 
Durham, NH, 03824, USA.
(6)ESRF - The European Synchrotron, Structure of Materials Group - ID19, CS 
40220, 38043, Grenoble Cedex 9, France.

Various chalcidoid wasps can actively steer their terebra (= ovipositor shaft) 
in diverse directions, despite the lack of terebral intrinsic musculature. To 
investigate the mechanisms of these bending and rotational movements, we 
combined microscopical and microtomographical techniques, together with 
videography, to analyse the musculoskeletal ovipositor system of the 
ectoparasitoid pteromalid wasp Lariophagus distinguendus (Förster, 1841) and the 
employment of its terebra during oviposition. The ovipositor consists of three 
pairs of valvulae, two pairs of valvifers and the female T9 (9th abdominal 
tergum). The paired 1st and the 2nd valvulae are interlocked via the olistheter 
system, which allows the three parts to slide longitudinally relative to each 
other, and form the terebra. The various ovipositor movements are actuated by a 
set of nine paired muscles, three of which (i.e. 1st valvifer-genital membrane 
muscle, ventral 2nd valvifer-venom gland reservoir muscle, T9-genital membrane 
muscle) are described here for the first time in chalcidoids. The anterior and 
posterior 2nd valvifer-2nd valvula muscles are adapted in function. (1) In the 
active probing position, they enable the wasps to pull the base of each of the 
longitudinally split and asymmetrically overlapping halves of the 2nd valvula 
that are fused at the apex dorsally, thus enabling lateral bending of the 
terebra. Concurrently, the 1st valvulae can be pro- and retracted regardless of 
this bending. (2) These muscles can also rotate the 2nd valvula and therefore 
the whole terebra at the basal articulation, allowing bending in various 
directions. The position of the terebra is anchored at the puncture site in hard 
substrates (in which drilling is extremely energy- and time-consuming). A freely 
steerable terebra increases the chance of contacting a potential host within a 
concealed cavity. The evolution of the ability actively to steer the terebra can 
be considered a key innovation that has putatively contributed to the 
acquisition of new hosts to a parasitoid's host range. Such shifts in host 
exploitation, each followed by rapid radiations, have probably aided the 
evolutionary success of Chalcidoidea (with more than 500,000 species estimated).

© 2023. BioMed Central Ltd., part of Springer Nature.

DOI: 10.1186/s12983-023-00503-1
PMCID: PMC10408236
PMID: 37553687

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
or financial interests.


139. Laryngoscope. 2024 Jan;134(1):353-360. doi: 10.1002/lary.30940. Epub 2023 Aug 8.

Subtotal Submucosal Arytenoidectomy with Lateralization Sutures (SMALS) Covered 
by a Mucosal Flap.

Shoffel-Havakuk H(1)(2), Lahav Y(3)(4), Reuven Y(1)(2), Shopen Y(1)(2), 
Shapira-Galitz Y(3)(4), Hamzany Y(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University School of Medicine, Tel Aviv 
University, Tel Aviv, Israel.
(2)Department of Otorhinolaryngology and Head and Neck Surgery, Rabin Medical 
Center, Petah Tikva, Israel.
(3)Department of Otolaryngology, Head and Neck Surgery, Kaplan Medical Center, 
Rehovot, Israel.
(4)Hadassah Medical School, The Hebrew University, Jerusalem, Israel.

OBJECTIVE: Glottic airway stenosis (GAWS) may result from bilateral paralysis 
(BVFP) or posterior glottic stenosis (PGS). Since the glottis is the principal 
airway sphincter, surgeons shift on the balance between airway, aspirations, and 
voice. We aim to describe our surgical technique and outcome of the SMALS 
procedure for GAWS correction.
METHODS: A retrospective cohort of patients who underwent SMALS for PGS between 
2018 and 2021. SMALS involves: endoscopic submucosal subtotal arytenoidectmy 
(preserving medial mucosal flap) and lateralization sutures. The sutures 
lateralize the mucosal flap to cover the arytenoidectomy bed without 
lateralization of the membranous vocal fold; expanding the posterior glottis, 
while preserving a relatively good voice. Covering the arytenoidectomy bed 
enhances healing. Medical and surgical data, airway, voice, and swallowing 
symptoms were collected. Relative glottic opening area (RGOA) and relative 
glottic insufficiency area (RGIA) were calculated.
RESULTS: Eleven PGS patients who underwent 15 SMALS were included (4 bilateral), 
all patients had post-intubation PGS, 1 patient also had prior radiation to the 
larynx. All patients were tracheostomy-dependent. There were no major 
complications. No granulation or retracting scar was observed at follow-up. None 
had a persistent voice or swallowing disability. Successful outcome 
(decannulation) was achieved in 8 (73%); RGOA increased in all (Δ = 0.37; 
p = 0.003), while RGIA remained relatively stable (Δ = 0.02; p = 0.055).
CONCLUSIONS: SMALS is a safe and effective, novel modification of the classic 
arytenoidectomy, for GAWS correction that can be easily applied and may expand 
the airway without significant glottic insufficiency symptoms.
LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: 4 Laryngoscope, 134:353-360, 2024.

© 2023 The Authors. The Laryngoscope published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on 
behalf of The American Laryngological, Rhinological and Otological Society, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/lary.30940
PMID: 37551887 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


140. Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Jul 26;2023:9809608. doi: 10.1155/2023/9809608. 
eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Prediction of Changes in Tumor Regression during Radiotherapy for 
Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma by Using the Computed Tomography-Based Radiomics.

Imaging CMM.

Retraction of
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Sep 23;2022:3417480. doi: 
10.1155/2022/3417480.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/3417480.].

Copyright © 2023 Contrast Media & Molecular Imaging.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9809608
PMCID: PMC10397486
PMID: 37547642


141. Dig Dis Sci. 2023 Sep;68(9):3826. doi: 10.1007/s10620-023-08047-4.

Retraction Note: The Noncytotoxic Dose of Sorafenib Sensitizes Bel-7402/5-FU 
Cells to 5-FU by Down-Regulating 5-FU-Induced Nrf2 Expression.

Zhou S(1)(2), Ye W(3), Duan X(4), Zhang M(3), Wang J(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thoracic Oncology, First Affiliated Hospital of Medical School, 
Xi'an Jiaotong University, Yanta West Road No. 277, Shaanxi, 710061, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Tangdu Hospital, Fourth Military Medical 
University, Xi'an, Shaanxi, China.
(3)Department of Gastroenterology, Tangdu Hospital, Fourth Military Medical 
University, Xi'an, Shaanxi, China.
(4)Department of Nuclear Medicine, First Affiliated Hospital of Medical School, 
Xi'an Jiaotong University, Xi'an, Shaanxi, China.
(5)Department of Thoracic Oncology, First Affiliated Hospital of Medical School, 
Xi'an Jiaotong University, Yanta West Road No. 277, Shaanxi, 710061, China. 
wangjsh@mail.xjtu.edu.cn.

Retraction of
    Dig Dis Sci. 2013 Jun;58(6):1615-26. doi: 10.1007/s10620-012-2537-1.

DOI: 10.1007/s10620-023-08047-4
PMID: 37540394


142. J Healthc Eng. 2023 Jul 26;2023:9816261. doi: 10.1155/2023/9816261. eCollection 
2023.

Retracted: Analysis of Clinicopathological Factors Associated with 
Radiation-Induced Cystitis in Patients with Cervical Cancer.

Healthcare Engineering JO.

Retraction of
    J Healthc Eng. 2022 Apr 15;2022:6216072. doi: 10.1155/2022/6216072.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/6216072.].

Copyright © 2023 Journal of Healthcare Engineering.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9816261
PMCID: PMC10396589
PMID: 37539335


143. Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jul 26;2023:9857125. doi: 10.1155/2023/9857125. 
eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Effect of Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy Combined with 
Thermoplastic Fixation on Set-Up Errors in Breast Cancer Patients Undergoing 
Radiotherapy.

Methods In Medicine CAM.

Retraction of
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jul 31;2022:8370842. doi: 
10.1155/2022/8370842.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/8370842.].

Copyright © 2023 Computational and Mathematical Methods in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9857125
PMCID: PMC10396496
PMID: 37538461


144. Dis Markers. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9836583. doi: 10.1155/2023/9836583. eCollection 
2023.

Retracted: Effect of Body Size Change on Off-Center Cervical Point and Face 
Doses in Patients Undergoing Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Radiotherapy.

Markers D.

Retraction of
    Dis Markers. 2022 Apr 25;2022:9978282. doi: 10.1155/2022/9978282.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/9978282.].

Copyright © 2023 Disease Markers.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9836583
PMCID: PMC10371622
PMID: 37502571


145. Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9863019. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9863019. eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Analysis of Immunotherapy Combined with Radiotherapy in Patients with 
Brain Metastasis of Driver Gene-Negative Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.

And Alternative Medicine EC.

Retraction of
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Sep 23;2022:1193075. doi: 
10.1155/2022/1193075.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/1193075.].

Copyright © 2023 Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9863019
PMCID: PMC10371587
PMID: 37501874


146. Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9834549. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9834549. eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Effects of Swallowing Rehabilitation Training with a Balloon Dilation 
Therapy on the Deglutition Function and Quality of Life of Patients with 
Dysphagia after Radiotherapy for Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma.

And Alternative Medicine EC.

Retraction of
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Aug 11;2022:7496753. doi: 
10.1155/2022/7496753.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/7496753.].

Copyright © 2023 Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9834549
PMCID: PMC10371556
PMID: 37501859


147. Proc Biol Sci. 2023 Jul 26;290(2003):20230659. doi: 10.1098/rspb.2023.0659. Epub 
2023 Jul 26.

Phylogenomics and historical biogeography of Hydrangeeae (Hydrangeaceae) 
elucidate the effects of geologic and climatic dynamics on diversification.

Yang X(1)(2), Zhang X(3), Xue T(1)(2), Zhang X(1)(2), Yang F(1)(2), Yu J(1)(4), 
Janssens SB(5)(6), Bussmann RW(7)(8), Yu S(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)State Key Laboratory of Systematic and Evolutionary Botany, Institute of 
Botany, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100093, People's Republic of China.
(2)University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, People's Republic 
of China.
(3)CAS Key Laboratory of Plant Germplasm Enhancement and Specialty Agriculture, 
Chinese Academy of Sciences, Wuhan Botanical Garden, Wuhan 430074, People's 
Republic of China.
(4)College of Forestry, Guizhou University, Guiyang 550025, People's Republic of 
China.
(5)Meise Botanic Garden, Nieuwelaan 38, 1860 Meise, Belgium.
(6)Department of Biology, KU Leuven, Kasteelpark Arenberg 31, 3001 Leuven, 
Belgium.
(7)Institute of Botany and Bakuriani Alpine Botanical Garden, Ilia State 
University, Botanical Street 1, 0105 Tbilisi, Georgia.
(8)Department of Botany, State Museum for Natural History Karlsruhe, 
Erbprinzenstraße 13, 76133 Karlsruhe, Germany.

Demonstrating the process of transregional biogeography and mechanisms 
underlying evolutionary radiations is crucial to understanding biological 
evolution. Here, we use Hydrangeeae (Hydrangeaceae), a tribe with a unique 
disjunct distribution and complex trait variations, using a solid phylogenetic 
framework, to investigate how geographical and climatic factors interact with 
functional traits to trigger plant evolutionary radiations. We constructed the 
first highly supported and dated phylogenetic framework using 79 protein-coding 
genes obtained from 81 plastomes, representing 63 species and all major clades, 
and found that most extant species originated from asynchronous diversification 
of two lineages undergoing repeated expansion and retraction, at middle and high 
latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere between East Asia and North America, during 
the Eocene to Pleistocene (driven by geologic and climatic dynamics). In 
accordance with these drivers, interactions of flora between central-eastern 
China and Japan occurred frequently after the Late Tertiary. We found that 
resource limitation and range fragmentation probably accelerated the 
diversification of Hydrangeeae, which supports the resource-use hypothesis. Our 
study sheds light on the evolutionary radiation and assembly of flora within 
East Asia, and the East Asian-North American disjunction, through integration of 
phylogenomic and biogeographic data with functional trait and ecological data.

DOI: 10.1098/rspb.2023.0659
PMCID: PMC10369024
PMID: 37491959 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: We declare we have no competing interests.


148. J Oncol. 2023 Jul 12;2023:9892163. doi: 10.1155/2023/9892163. eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Hyperfractionation versus Conventional Fractionation of Preoperative 
Intensity-Modulated Radiotherapy with Oral Capecitabine in Locally Advanced 
Mid-Low Rectal Cancer: A Propensity Score Matching Study.

Oncology JO.

Retraction of
    J Oncol. 2022 Apr 11;2022:9119245. doi: 10.1155/2022/9119245.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/9119245.].

Copyright © 2023 Journal of Oncology.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9892163
PMCID: PMC10356231
PMID: 37476561


149. J Cancer Res Ther. 2023 Apr-Jun;19(3):848. doi: 10.4103/0973-1482.381627.

Retraction: Is fractionated robotic stereotactic body radiotherapy optional 
salvage treatment for the re-irradiation of locally recurrent nasopharyngeal 
carcinoma?

[No authors listed]

Retraction of
    J Cancer Res Ther. 2022 Jan-Mar;18(1):66-71. doi: 10.4103/jcrt.JCRT_114_20.

[This corrects the article DOI: 10.4103/jcrt.JCRT_114_20].

DOI: 10.4103/0973-1482.381627
PMID: 37470629


150. Med Phys. 2023 Sep;50(9):5772-5783. doi: 10.1002/mp.16629. Epub 2023 Jul 17.

Localization of reference points in electromagnetic tracking data and their 
application for treatment error detection in interstitial breast brachytherapy.

Dürrbeck C(1)(2), Schuster S(1)(2), Sauer BC(1)(2), Abu-Hossin N(1)(2), Strnad 
V(1)(2), Fietkau R(1)(2), Bert C(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Universitätsklinikum Erlangen, 
Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg (FAU), Erlangen, Germany.
(2)Comprehensive Cancer Center Erlangen-EMN (CCC ER-EMN), Erlangen, Germany.

BACKGROUND: Electromagnetic tracking (EMT) is a promising technology that holds 
great potential to advance patient-specific pre-treatment verification in 
interstitial brachytherapy (iBT). It allows easy determination of the implant 
geometry without line-of-sight restrictions and without dose exposure to the 
patient. What it cannot provide, however, is a link to anatomical landmarks, 
such as the exit points of catheters or needles on the skin surface. These 
landmarks are required for the registration of EMT data with other imaging 
modalities and for the detection of treatment errors such as incorrect indexer 
lengths, and catheter or needle shifts.
PURPOSE: To develop an easily applicable method to detect reference points in 
the positional data of the trajectory of an EMT sensor, specifically the exit 
points of catheters in breast iBT, and to apply the approach to pre-treatment 
error detection.
METHODS: Small metal objects were attached to catheter fixation buttons that 
rest against the breast surface to intentionally induce a local, spatially 
limited perturbation of the magnetic field on which the working principle of EMT 
relies. This perturbation can be sensed by the EMT sensor as it passes by, 
allowing it to localize the metal object and thus the catheter exit point. For 
the proof-of-concept, different small metal objects (magnets, washers, and 
bushes) and EMT sensor drive speeds were used to find the optimal parameters. 
The approach was then applied to treatment error detection and validated 
in-vitro on a phantom. Lastly, the in-vivo feasibility of the approach was 
tested on a patient cohort of four patients to assess the impact on the clinical 
workflow.
RESULTS: All investigated metal objects were able to measurably perturb the 
magnetic field, which resulted in missing sensor readings, that is two data 
gaps, one for the sensor moving towards the tip end and one when retracting from 
there. The size of the resulting data gaps varied depending on the choice of gap 
points used for calculation of the gap size; it was found that the start points 
of the gaps in both directions showed the smallest variability. The median size 
of data gaps was ⩽8 mm for all tested materials and sensor drive speeds. The 
variability of the determined object position was ⩽0.5 mm at a speed of 1.0 cm/s 
and ⩽0.7 mm at 2.5 cm/s, with an increase up to 2.3 mm at 5.0 cm/s. The in-vitro 
validation of the error detection yielded a 100% detection rate for catheter 
shifts of ≥2.2 mm. All simulated wrong indexer lengths were correctly 
identified. The in-vivo feasibility assessment showed that the metal objects did 
not interfere with the routine clinical workflow.
CONCLUSIONS: The developed approach was able to successfully detect reference 
points in EMT data, which can be used for registration to other imaging 
modalities, but also for treatment error detection. It can thus advance the 
automation of patient-specific, pre-treatment quality assurance in iBT.

© 2023 The Authors. Medical Physics published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf 
of American Association of Physicists in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1002/mp.16629
PMID: 37458615 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


151. Adv Exp Med Biol. 2023;1405:153-173. doi: 10.1007/978-3-031-23705-8_6.

Benign and Malignant Tumors of the Pineal Region.

Upadhyayula PS(1), Neira JA(1), Miller ML(2), Bruce JN(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurological Surgery, Columbia University, New York, USA.
(2)Department of Pathology and Cell Biology, Columbia University Irving Medical 
Center, New York, NY, 10032, USA.
(3)Department of Neurological Surgery, Columbia University, New York, USA. 
jnb2@cumc.columbia.edu.

Pineal region tumors fall into five broad categories: benign pineal region 
tumors, glial tumors, papillary tumors, pineal parenchymal tumors, and germ cell 
tumors. Genetic and transcriptional studies have identified key chromosomal 
alterations in germinomas (RUNDC3A, ASAH1, LPL) and in 
pineocytomas/pineoblastomas (DROSHA/DICER1, RB1). Pineal region tumors generally 
present with symptoms of hydrocephalus including nausea, vomiting, papilledema, 
and the classical Parinaud's triad of upgaze paralysis, convergence-retraction 
nystagmus, and light-near pupillary dissociation. Workup requires neuroimaging 
and tissue diagnosis via biopsy. In germinoma cases, diagnosis may be made based 
on serum or CSF studies for alpha-fetoprotein or beta-HCG making the preferred 
treatment radiosurgery, thereby preventing the need for unnecessary surgeries. 
Treatment generally involves three steps: CSF diversion in cases of 
hydrocephalus, biopsy through endoscopic or stereotactic methods, and open 
surgical resection. Multiple surgical approaches are possible for approach to 
the pineal region. The original approach to the pineal region was the 
interhemispheric transcallosal first described by Dandy. The most common 
approach is the supracerebellar infratentorial approach as it utilizes a natural 
anatomic corridor for access to the pineal region. The paramedian or lateral 
supracerebellar infratentorial approach is another improvement that uses a 
similar anatomic corridor but allows for preservation of midline bridging veins; 
this minimizes the chance for brainstem or cerebellar venous infarction. 
Determination of the optimal approach relies on tumor characteristics, namely 
location of deep venous structures to the tumor along with the lateral 
eccentricity of the tumor. The immediate post-operative period is important as 
hemorrhage or swelling can cause obstructive hydrocephalus and lead to rapid 
deterioration. Adjuvant therapy, whether chemotherapy or radiation, is based on 
tumor pathology. Improvements within pineal surgery will require improved 
technology for access to the pineal region along with targeted therapies that 
can effectively treat and prevent recurrence of malignant pineal region tumors.

© 2023. Springer Nature Switzerland AG.

DOI: 10.1007/978-3-031-23705-8_6
PMID: 37452938 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


152. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Chem Neuroanat. 2023 Oct;132:102305. doi: 10.1016/j.jchemneu.2023.102305. Epub 
2023 Jul 11.

The effects of myricitrin and chebulinic acid on the rat hippocampus exposed to 
gamma radiation: A stereological, histochemical and biochemical study.

Uzun SG(1), Altunkaynak BZ(2), Alkan I(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Histology and Embryology, Faculty of Medicine, Ondokuz Mayıs 
University, Samsun, Turkey.
(2)Department of Histology and Embryology, Faculty of Medicine, İstanbul Okan 
University, Istanbul, Turkey. Electronic address: berrinzuhal@gmail.com.
(3)Department of Basic Medical Sciences, Faculty of Dentistry, Nevşehir Hacı 
Bektaş Veli University, Nevşehir, Turkey.

Retraction in
    J Chem Neuroanat. 2024 Sep;139:102444. doi: 10.1016/j.jchemneu.2024.102444.

AIM: Gamma radiation, a form of ionizing radiation, is used in many different 
areas, especially in the health field and in the treatment of cancer. However, 
gamma radiation used for therapeutic purposes also has numerous harmful effects 
on human health. This study was planned to investigate the impacts of exposure 
to gamma radiation on the hippocampal area and the preventive effects of 
myricitrin and chebulinic acid against that damage.
MATERIAL AND METHOD: Thirty-six male Wistar albino rats were randomly divided 
into six groups. The control group was exposed to no treatment. The chebulinic 
acid and myricitrin groups were injected with the relevant drug at a dosage of 
0.033 mg/kg) (vehicle; normal saline) per day. The gamma groups were placed in a 
plexiglass test setup with their heads positioned close to the source. The 
subjects were exposed to radiation with a mixed source containing radioactive 
Cs-137 and Co-60 isotopes obtained from Ondokuz Mayıs University Physics 
Department Nuclear Physics Laboratory for 1 h. Gamma radiation was applied 
16 mGy for one hour per day for 10 days. The gamma radiation+chebulinic acid and 
the gamma radiation myricitrin groups also received 0.033 mg/kg per day of these 
drugs via injection. Immediately after the experimental procedure, all animals 
were subjected to behavioural tests, and perfused brain tissues were analyzed 
using stereological methods.
RESULTS: Stereological analysis showed that gamma radiation caused a decrease in 
the numbers of neurons in the hippocampal area (p < 0.01; One-way ANOVA) and 
that chebulinic acid and myricitrin reduced this decrease (p < 0.01; One-way 
ANOVA). Decreases in learning and memory capacity were detected in behavioural 
tests in rats from the Gamma group.
CONCLUSION: The study findings showed that that the adverse health effects of 
Gamma radiation can be ameliorated using myricitrin and chebulinic acid. 
Myricitrin was more effective in terms of cell proliferation and defence against 
oxidative stress than chebulinic acid, and exhibited a more neuroprotective 
effect. However, more detailed analyses should be performed before using either 
antioxidant for therapeutic purposes.

Copyright © 2023 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jchemneu.2023.102305
PMID: 37442243 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest The authors 
report no conflicts of interest.


153. Radiother Oncol. 2023 Oct;187:109806. doi: 10.1016/j.radonc.2023.109806. Epub 
2023 Jul 10.

Genome-wide association study of treatment-related toxicity two years following 
radiotherapy for breast cancer.

Jandu HK(1), Veal CD(1), Fachal L(2), Luccarini C(3), Aguado-Barrera ME(4), 
Altabas M(5), Azria D(6), Baten A(7), Bourgier C(6), Bultijnck R(8), Colciago 
RR(9), Farcy-Jacquet MP(10), Chang-Claude J(11), Choudhury A(12), Dunning A(3), 
Elliott RM(12), Green S(13), Gutiérrez-Enríquez S(14), Herskind C(15), Lambrecht 
M(7), Monten C(16), Rancati T(17), Reyes V(5), Rosenstein BS(13), De Ruysscher 
D(18), Carmen De Santis M(9), Seibold P(19), Sperk E(15), Veldwijk M(15), Paul 
Symonds R(20), Stobart H(21), Taboada-Valladares B(22), Vega A(4), Veldeman 
L(23), Webb AJ(1), Weltens C(7), West CM(12), Rattay T(24), Talbot CJ(1); 
REQUITE consortium.

Author information:
(1)Department of Genetics and Genome Biology, University of Leicester, 
Leicester, United Kingdom.
(2)Wellcome Sanger Institute, Wellcome Genome Campus, Hinxton, United Kingdom.
(3)Centre for Cancer Genetic Epidemiology, Strangeways Research Laboratory, 
University of Cambridge, Cambridge, United Kingdom.
(4)Instituto de Investigación Sanitaria de Santiago de Compostela (IDIS), 
Santiago de Compostela, Spain; Fundación Pública Galega de Medicina Xenómica, 
Santiago de Compostela, Spain.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Vall d'Hebron Hospital Universitari, Vall 
d'Hebron Barcelona Hospital Campus, Barcelona, Spain.
(6)Institut de Recherche en Cancérologie de Montpellier, University Federation 
of Radiation Oncology of Mediterranean Occitanie, Université de Montpellier, 
INSERM U1194 IRCM, Montpellier, France.
(7)Radiation Oncology, UZ Leuven, Leuven, Belgium.
(8)Department of Human Structure and Repair, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.
(9)Unit of Radiation Oncology, Fondazione IRCCS Istituto Nazionale dei Tumori, 
Milan, Italy.
(10)Institut de Cancérologie du Gard, University Federation of Radiation 
Oncology of Mediterranean Occitanie, CHU Carémeau, Nîmes, France.
(11)Division of Cancer Epidemiology, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), 
Heidelberg, Germany; Cancer Epidemiology Group, University Cancer Center 
Hamburg, University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf, Hamburg, Germany.
(12)Translational Radiobiology Group, Division of Cancer Sciences, University of 
Manchester, Manchester Academic Health Science Centre, Christie Hospital, 
Manchester, UK.
(13)Department of Radiation Oncology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, 
New York, NY, USA.
(14)Hereditary Cancer Genetics Group, Vall d'Hebron Institute of Oncology 
(VHIO), Vall d'Hebron Barcelona Hospital Campus, Barcelona, Spain.
(15)Department of Radiation Oncology, Universitätsmedizin Mannheim, Medical 
Faculty Mannheim, University of Heidelberg, Mannheim, Germany.
(16)Department of Radiation Oncology, Ghent University Hospital, Ghent, Belgium.
(17)Unit of Data Science, Fondazione IRCCS Istituto Nazionale dei Tumori, Milan, 
Italy.
(18)MAASTRO Clinic, GROW School for Oncology and Developmental Biology, 
Maastricht University Medical Center, Maastricht, Netherlands.
(19)Division of Cancer Epidemiology, German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(20)Leicester Cancer Research Centre, University of Leicester, Leicester, United 
Kingdom.
(21)Patient Advocate, Independent Cancer Patients' Voice, UK.
(22)Instituto de Investigación Sanitaria de Santiago de Compostela (IDIS), 
Santiago de Compostela, Spain; Department of Radiation Oncology, Complexo 
Hospitalario Universitario de Santiago, SERGAS, Santiago de Compostela, Spain.
(23)Department of Human Structure and Repair, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium; 
Department of Radiation Oncology, Ghent University Hospital, Ghent, Belgium.
(24)Leicester Cancer Research Centre, University of Leicester, Leicester, United 
Kingdom. Electronic address: tr104@le.ac.uk.

BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Up to a quarter of breast cancer patients treated by 
surgery and radiotherapy experience clinically significant toxicity. If patients 
at high risk of adverse effects could be identified at diagnosis, their 
treatment could be tailored accordingly. This study was designed to identify 
common single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with toxicity two years 
following whole breast radiotherapy.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: A genome-wide association study (GWAS) was performed in 
1,640 breast cancer patients with complete SNP, clinical, treatment and toxicity 
data, recruited across 18 European and US centres into the prospective REQUITE 
cohort study. Toxicity data (CTCAE v4.0) were collected at baseline, end of 
radiotherapy, and annual follow-up. A total of 7,097,340 SNPs were tested for 
association with the residuals of toxicity endpoints, adjusted for clinical, 
treatment co-variates and population substructure.
RESULTS: Quantile-quantile plots showed more associations with toxicity above 
the p < 5 × 10-5 level than expected by chance. Eight SNPs reached genome-wide 
significance. Nipple retraction grade ≥ 2 was associated with the rs188287402 
variant (p = 2.80 × 10-8), breast oedema grade ≥ 2 with rs12657177 
(p = 1.12 × 10-10), rs75912034 (p = 1.12 × 10-10), rs145328458 (p = 1.06 × 10-9) 
and rs61966612 (p = 1.23 × 10-9), induration grade ≥ 2 with rs77311050 
(p = 2.54 × 10-8) and rs34063419 (p = 1.21 × 10-8), and arm lymphoedema 
grade ≥ 1 with rs643644 (p = 3.54 × 10-8). Heritability estimates across 
significant endpoints ranged from 25% to 39%. Our study did not replicate 
previously reported SNPs associated with breast radiation toxicity at the 
pre-specified significance level.
CONCLUSIONS: This GWAS for long-term breast radiation toxicity provides further 
evidence for significant association of common SNPs with distinct toxicity 
endpoints.

Copyright © 2023 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.radonc.2023.109806
PMID: 37437607 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest The authors 
declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal 
relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this 
paper.


154. Adv Exp Med Biol. 2023;1416:47-68. doi: 10.1007/978-3-031-29750-2_5.

Skull Base Meningiomas.

Westphal M(1), Saladino A(2), Tatagiba M(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurological Surgery, UK Eppendorf, Hamburg, Germany. 
westphal@uke.de.
(2)Department of Neurological Surgery, IRCCS Fondazione Istituto Neurologico 
Carlo Besta, Milan, Italy.
(3)Department of Neurosurgery, University of Tübingen, Tübingen, Germany.

Skull base meningiomas are among the most challenging meningiomas to treat 
clinically due to their deep location, involvement or encasement of adjacent 
essential neurovascular structures (such as key arteries, cranial nerves, veins, 
and venous sinuses), and their often-large size prior to diagnosis. Although 
multimodal treatment strategies continue to evolve with advances in stereotactic 
and fractionated radiotherapy, surgical resection remains the mainstay of 
treatment for these tumors. Resection of these tumors however is challenging 
from a technical standpoint, and requires expertise in several skull-base 
surgical approaches that rely on adequate bony removal, minimization of brain 
retraction, and respect for nearby neurovascular structures. These skull base 
meningiomas originate from a variety of different structures including, but are 
not limited to: the clinoid processes, tuberculum sellae, dorsum sellae, 
sphenoid wing, petrous/petroclival area, falcotentorial region, cerebellopontine 
angle, and foramen magnum. In this chapter, we will cover the common anatomical 
areas in the skull base from which these tumors arise, and the specific or 
optimal surgical approaches and other treatment modalities for meningiomas in 
these such locations.

© 2023. Springer Nature Switzerland AG.

DOI: 10.1007/978-3-031-29750-2_5
PMID: 37432619 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


155. Transpl Int. 2023 Jun 22;36:11279. doi: 10.3389/ti.2023.11279. eCollection 2023.

Helical TomoTherapy Total Lymphoid Irradiation and Hematopoietic Cell 
Transplantation for Kidney Transplant Tolerance in Rhesus Macaques.

Kaufman DB(1), Forrest LJ(2), Fechner J(1), Post J(1), Coonen J(3), Haynes 
LD(1), Haynes WJ(1), Christensen N(2), Zhong W(4), Little CJ(1), D'Alessandro 
A(1), Fernandez L(1), Brunner K(3), Jensen K(5), Burlingham WJ(1), Hematti P(6), 
Strober S(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Surgery, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI, United States.
(2)School of Veternary Medicine, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI, United 
States.
(3)Wisconsin National Primate Research Center, University of Wisconsin, Madison, 
WI, United States.
(4)Department of Pathology, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI, United States.
(5)Department of Medicine, Stanford University, Palo Alto, CA, United States.
(6)Department of Medicine, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI, United States.

Development of a post-transplant kidney transplant tolerance induction protocol 
involving a novel total lymphoid irradiation (TLI) conditioning method in a 
rhesus macaque model is described. We examined the feasibility of acheiving 
tolerance to MHC 1-haplotype matched kidney transplants by establishing a mixed 
chimeric state with infusion of donor hematopoietic cells (HC) using TomoTherapy 
TLI. The chimeric state was hypothesized to permit the elimination of all 
immunosuppressive (IS) medications while preserving allograft function long-term 
without development of graft-versus-host-disease (GVHD) or rejection. An 
experimental group of 11 renal transplant recipients received the tolerance 
induction protocol and outcomes were compared to a control group (n = 7) that 
received the same conditioning but without donor HC infusion. Development of 
mixed chimerism and operational tolerance was accomplished in two recipients in 
the experimental group. Both recipients were withdrawn from all IS and continued 
to maintain normal renal allograft function for 4 years without rejection or 
GVHD. None of the animals in the control group achieved tolerance when IS was 
eliminated. This novel experimental model demonstrated the feasibility for 
inducing of long-term operational tolerance when mixed chimerism is achieved 
using a TLI post-transplant conditioning protocol in 1-haplotype matched 
non-human primate recipients of combined kidney and HC transplantation.

Copyright © 2023 Kaufman, Forrest, Fechner, Post, Coonen, Haynes, Haynes, 
Christensen, Zhong, Little, D’Alessandro, Fernandez, Brunner, Jensen, 
Burlingham, Hematti and Strober.

DOI: 10.3389/ti.2023.11279
PMCID: PMC10324513
PMID: 37426429 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


156. ACS Nano. 2023 Jul 25;17(14):13147-13157. doi: 10.1021/acsnano.2c11904. Epub 
2023 Jul 7.

Insights into the Structure of Comirnaty Covid-19 Vaccine: A Theory on Soft, 
Partially Bilayer-Covered Nanoparticles with Hydrogen Bond-Stabilized mRNA-Lipid 
Complexes.

Szebeni J(1)(2)(3), Kiss B(4)(5)(6), Bozó T(4)(5), Turjeman K(7), Levi-Kalisman 
Y(8), Barenholz Y(7), Kellermayer M(4)(5)(6).

Author information:
(1)Nanomedicine Research and Education Center, Department of Translational 
Medicine, Semmelweis University, Budapest 1089, Hungary.
(2)Department of Nanobiotechnology and Regenerative Medicine, Faculty of Health 
Sciences, Miskolc University, Miskolc 2880, Hungary.
(3)School of Chemical Engineering and Translational Nanobioscience Research 
Center, Sungkyunkwan University, Suwon 16419, Korea.
(4)Department of Biophysics and Radiation Biology, Semmelweis University, 
Budapest 1094, Hungary.
(5)Hungarian Centre of Excellence for Molecular Medicine (HCEMM), In Vivo 
Imaging Advanced Core Facility, Budapest 1094, Hungary.
(6)ELKH-SE Biophysical Virology Research Group, Budapest 1094, Hungary.
(7)The Laboratory of Membrane and Liposome Research, IMRIC, Hebrew 
University-Hadassah Medical School, Jerusalem 9112102, Israel.
(8)Institute of Life Sciences and the Center for Nanoscience and Nanotechnology, 
The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Edmond J. Safra Campus, Givat Ram, Jerusalem 
9190401, Israel.

Despite the worldwide success of mRNA-LNP Covid-19 vaccines, the nanoscale 
structures of these formulations are still poorly understood. To fill this gap, 
we used a combination of atomic force microscopy (AFM), dynamic light scattering 
(DLS), transmission electron microscopy (TEM), cryogenic transmission electron 
microscopy (cryo-TEM), and the determination of the intra-LNP pH gradient to 
analyze the nanoparticles (NPs) in BNT162b2 (Comirnaty), comparing it with the 
well-characterized PEGylated liposomal doxorubicin (Doxil). Comirnaty NPs had 
similar size and envelope lipid composition to Doxil; however, unlike Doxil 
liposomes, wherein the stable ammonium and pH gradient enables accumulation of 
14C-methylamine in the intraliposomal aqueous phase, Comirnaty LNPs lack such pH 
gradient in spite of the fact that the pH 4, at which LNPs are prepared, is 
raised to pH 7.2 after loading of the mRNA. Mechanical manipulation of Comirnaty 
NPs with AFM revealed soft, compliant structures. The sawtooth-like force 
transitions seen during cantilever retraction imply that molecular strands, 
corresponding to mRNA, can be pulled out of NPs, and the process is accompanied 
by stepwise rupture of mRNA-lipid bonds. Unlike Doxil, cryo-TEM of Comirnaty NPs 
revealed a granular, solid core enclosed by mono- and bilipid layers. Negative 
staining TEM shows 2-5 nm electron-dense spots in the LNP's interior that are 
aligned into strings, semicircles, or labyrinth-like networks, which may imply 
cross-link-stabilized RNA fragments. The neutral intra-LNP core questions the 
dominance of ionic interactions holding together this scaffold, raising the 
possibility of hydrogen bonding between mRNA and the lipids. Such interaction, 
described previously for another mRNA/lipid complex, is consistent with the 
steric structure of the ionizable lipid in Comirnaty, ALC-0315, displaying free 
═O and -OH groups. It is hypothesized that the latter groups can get into steric 
positions that enable hydrogen bonding with the nitrogenous bases in the mRNA. 
These structural features of mRNA-LNP may be important for the vaccine's 
activities in vivo.

DOI: 10.1021/acsnano.2c11904
PMCID: PMC10373524
PMID: 37417667 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing financial 
interest.


157. Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jun 28;2023:9798503. doi: 10.1155/2023/9798503. 
eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Efficacy of Cetuximab in Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Patients Receiving 
Concurrent Cisplatin-Radiotherapy: A Meta-Analysis.

Methods In Medicine CAM.

Retraction of
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Aug 24;2022:5145549. doi: 
10.1155/2022/5145549.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/5145549.].

Copyright © 2023 Computational and Mathematical Methods in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9798503
PMCID: PMC10322257
PMID: 37416222


158. Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jun 28;2023:9792407. doi: 10.1155/2023/9792407. 
eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Research Value of Intensity Modulated Radiation Therapy in 
Alleviating Parotid Gland Function Injury in Patients with Stage N0 
Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma from Physical and Dosimetric Aspects.

Methods In Medicine CAM.

Retraction of
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jul 11;2022:4651364. doi: 
10.1155/2022/4651364.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/4651364.].

Copyright © 2023 Computational and Mathematical Methods in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9792407
PMCID: PMC10322564
PMID: 37416192


159. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Oral Rehabil. 2023 Nov;50(11):1185-1193. doi: 10.1111/joor.13555. Epub 2023 
Jul 18.

Comparative effectiveness of low-level laser therapy and transcutaneous 
electrical nerve stimulation in symptomatic Temporomandibular Disorders: A 
Randomised Control Trial.

Batra S(1), Srivastava A(1), Shivakumar GC(2), Marrapodi MM(3), Herford AS(4), 
Cicciù M(5), Minervini G(6).

Author information:
(1)Oral Medicine and Radiology Unit, Faculty of Dental Sciences, Institute of 
Medical Sciences, Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi, India.
(2)Department of Oral Medicine and Radiology, People's College of Dental 
Sciences and Research Centre, People's University, Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, 
India.
(3)Department of Woman, Child and General and Specialist Surgery, University of 
Campania "Luigi Vanvitelli", Naples, Italy.
(4)Maxillofacial Department, Loma Linda University, Loma Linda, California, USA.
(5)Department of Biomedical and Surgical and Biomedical Sciences, Catania 
University, Catania, Italy.
(6)Multidisciplinary Department of Medical-Surgical and Dental Specialties, 
University of Campania, Naples, Italy.

Retraction in
    J Oral Rehabil. 2024 Sep;51(9):1934. doi: 10.1111/joor.13766.

BACKGROUND: Myofascial pain is one of the most common facial region pains, 
presenting itself with various signs and symptoms like tenderness of masticatory 
muscles and difficulty in mouth opening. Considering its multifactorial 
aetiology various treatment modalities are present.
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study is to compare the effectiveness of 
transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS)and low-level laser therapy 
(LLLT) for the patients of temporomandibular disorders (TMDS).
METHODS: The study was conducted with 20 patients diagnosed with TMDS. Group A 
received LLLT at 660 nm, 6 J/point, two sessions/week for 4 weeks and group B 
received TENS at 2-250 Hz, two sessions/week for 4 weeks.
RESULTS: Pain Score decreased and mouth opening increased in both groups with 
time, however, the difference between the two groups was not statistically 
significant. Right and left lateral excursions showed improvement at different 
intervals in both groups. However, the LLLT group showed significant 
improvement.
CONCLUSION: Clinical trial showed improvement in visual analogue scale (VAS), 
maximum mouth opening (MMO) and lateral excursion in the different time 
intervals in both the groups with LLLT showed more improvement with lateral 
excursions movements.

© 2023 The Authors. Journal of Oral Rehabilitation published by John Wiley & 
Sons Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/joor.13555
PMID: 37408297 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


160. J Neurol Surg B Skull Base. 2022 Jun 29;84(4):349-360. doi: 
10.1055/s-0042-1751000. eCollection 2023 Aug.

The Endoscopic-Assisted Supraorbital Approach for Resection of Anterior Skull 
Base Meningiomas: A Large Single-Center Retrospective Surgical Study.

Serrano Sponton L(1)(2), Oehlschlaegel F(2)(3), Nimer A(2)(4), Schwandt E(2), 
Glaser M(2), Archavlis E(2), Conrad J(2), Kantelhardt S(2), Ayyad A(2)(5)(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Sana Klinikum Offenbach, Offenbach am Main, 
Germany.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Mainz University Medical Centre, Mainz, Germany.
(3)Department of Neurosurgery, Helios Amper Clinic, Dachau, Germany, Germany.
(4)Department of Neurosurgery, Charing Cross Hospital, Imperial College 
Healthcare, London, United Kingdom.
(5)Department of Neurosurgery, Hamad General Hospital, Doha, QATAR.
(6)Department of Neurosurgery, Saarland University Medical Centre, Homburg, 
Germany.

Objective  The endoscopic-assisted supraorbital approach (eSOA) constitutes a 
minimally invasive strategy for removing anterior skull base meningiomas (ASBM). 
We present the largest retrospective single-institution and long-term follow-up 
study of eSOA for ASBM resection, providing further insight regarding 
indication, surgical considerations, complications, and outcome. Methods  We 
evaluated data of 176 patients operated on ASBM via the eSOA over 22 years. 
Results  Sixty-five tuberculum sellae (TS), 36 anterior clinoid (AC), 28 
olfactory groove (OG), 27 planum sphenoidale, 11 lesser sphenoid wing, seven 
optic sheath, and two lateral orbitary roof meningiomas were assessed. Median 
surgery duration was 3.35 ± 1.42 hours, being significantly longer for OG and AC 
meningiomas ( p <0.05). Complete resection was achieved in 91%. Complications 
included hyposmia (7.4%), supraorbital hypoesthesia (5.1%), cerebrospinal fluid 
fistula (5%), orbicularis oculi paresis (2.8%), visual disturbances (2.2%), 
meningitis (1.7%) and hematoma and wound infection (1.1%). One patient died due 
to intraoperative carotid injury, other due to pulmonary embolism. Median 
follow-up was 4.8 years with a tumor recurrence rate of 10.8%. Second surgery 
was chosen in 12 cases (10 via the previous SOA and two via pterional approach), 
whereas two patients received radiotherapy and in five patients a wait-and-see 
strategy was adopted. Conclusion  The eSOA represents an effective option for 
ASBM resection, enabling high complete resection rates and long-term disease 
control. Neuroendoscopy is fundamental for improving tumor resection while 
reducing brain and optic nerve retraction. Potential limitations and prolonged 
surgical duration may arise from the small craniotomy and reduced 
maneuverability, especially for large or strongly adherent lesions.

Thieme. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1055/s-0042-1751000
PMCID: PMC10317572
PMID: 37405235

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest None declared.


161. Ann Transl Med. 2023 Jun 30;11(9):323. doi: 10.21037/atm-22-5062. Epub 2023 Jun 
13.

Organising pneumonia caused by hormone (tamoxifen) therapy after radiotherapy 
for breast cancer: a case report and review of the literature.

Zhong Y(1)(2), Zhang Y(2), Liu M(3), Cheng L(4), Yang J(5), Li X(2).

Author information:
(1)Medical School of Chinese PLA, Beijing, China.
(2)Department of General Surgery, Chinese People's Liberation Army General 
Hospital, Beijing, China.
(3)Department of Pathology, Chinese People's Liberation Army General Hospital, 
Beijing, China.
(4)Department of Radiology, Chinese People's Liberation Army General Hospital, 
Beijing, China.
(5)Department of Oncology, Chinese People's Liberation Army General Hospital, 
Beijing, China.

BACKGROUND: Five-year treatment with tamoxifen (TAM) has been the traditional 
standard of care for breast cancer. Organising pneumonia (OP) is a rare but 
significant complication of radiation therapy for breast cancer. The effect of 
TAM leading to OP has not yet been clearly documented.
CASE DESCRIPTION: This report describes the case of a 38-year-old female who 
developed progressive aggravation of round-like patchy bilateral pulmonary 
infiltrated with a reverse halo sign but without any clinical symptoms 5 months 
after TAM therapy, following breast-conserving surgery and radiotherapy (RT) for 
breast carcinoma. A lung biopsy was performed and revealed a histological 
pattern of OP. TAM therapy was discontinued, and subsequent gradual radiological 
improvement was observed. As there was no proof for TAM had caused the incident, 
TAM was re-administrated. Eight months after reinstitution of TAM, the same 
patchy migratory bilateral pulmonary infiltrated with reverse halo sign was 
found on chest CT with the patient claiming no discomforts nor any clinical 
symptoms. The diagnosis of TAM-related OP was made based on the exclusion of 
other causes and recurrence with the re-administration of TAM. The 
multidisciplinary team (MDT) concluded that TAM should be withdrawn and a 
"wait-and-see" approach was taken after a comprehensive assessment, instead of 
altering the medication or performing prophylactic mastectomy.
CONCLUSIONS: The withdrawal and rechallenge of TAM strongly suggest that it may 
play a role as a cofactor in the occurrence of OP after RT for breast cancer, 
and RT may also be a cofactor in the occurrence of OP. It is extremely important 
to be alerted to the possibility of OP after concurrent or sequential hormonal 
therapy and RT.

2023 Annals of Translational Medicine. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.21037/atm-22-5062
PMCID: PMC10316100
PMID: 37405001

Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: All authors have 
completed the ICMJE uniform disclosure form (available at 
https://atm.amegroups.com/article/view/10.21037/atm-22-5062/coif). The authors 
have no conflicts of interest to declare.


162. Biol Lett. 2023 Jul;19(7):20230160. doi: 10.1098/rsbl.2023.0160. Epub 2023 Jul 
5.

Signal size allometry in Anolis lizard dewlaps.

Stroud JT(1)(2), Petherick A(2), Krasnoff B(2), Walker K(2), Suh JJ(2), Losos 
JB(2).

Author information:
(1)School of Biological Sciences, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 
30332, USA.
(2)Department of Biology, Washington University, St. Louis, MO 63130, USA.

Positive allometry of signalling traits has often been taken as evidence for 
sexual selection. However, few studies have explored interspecific differences 
in allometric scaling relationships among closely related species that vary in 
their degree of ecological similarity. Anolis lizards possess an elaborate 
retractable throat fan called a dewlap that is used for visual communication and 
differs greatly in size and colour among species. We observed that Anolis 
dewlaps demonstrate positive allometry: relative dewlap size increases with body 
size. We also observed that coexisting species are divergent in signal size 
allometries, while convergent species-similar in other aspects of ecology, 
morphology and behaviour-typically share similar dewlap allometric scaling 
relationships. These patterns suggest that dewlap scaling relationships may 
follow the same pattern as other traits in the anole radiation, where 
ecologically different sympatric species have evolved a suite of divergent 
traits.

DOI: 10.1098/rsbl.2023.0160
PMCID: PMC10320661
PMID: 37403573 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: We declare we have no competing interests.


163. Asian J Neurosurg. 2023 Jun 16;18(2):404-409. doi: 10.1055/s-0043-1769894. 
eCollection 2023 Jun.

Negative Chronotropic Cardiovascular Changes in Lumbar Spine Surgery: A 
Potential Spinal-Cardiac Reflex?

Sultan KA(1), Ashraf M(2), Chaudhary A(2), Al Salloum L(2), Ghulam N(1), Ahmed 
N(1), Ismahel H(2), Farooq M(3), Iqbal J(3), Ashraf N(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Allama Iqbal Medical College, Jinnah Hospital, 
Lahore, Pakistan.
(2)Wolfson School of Medicine, University of Glasgow, Scotland, United Kingdom.
(3)School of Medicine, King Edward Medical University, Lahore, Pakistan.

Cardiovascular changes following lumbar spine surgery in a prone position are 
exceedingly rare. Over the past 20 years, a total of six cases have been 
published where patients experienced varying degrees of bradycardia, 
hypotension, and asystole, which could be attributed to intraoperative dural 
manipulation. As such, there is emerging evidence for a potential 
neural-mediated spinal-cardiac reflex. The authors report their experience of 
negative chronotropy during an elective lumbar spine surgery that coincided with 
dural manipulation and review the available literature. A 34-year-old male 
presented with a long-standing history of lower back pain recently deteriorating 
to bilaterally radiating leg pain, with restricted left leg raise, and numbness 
at the left L5 dermatomal territory. The patient was an athletic police officer 
with no comorbidities or past medical history. Magnetic resonance imaging 
lumbosacral spine revealed spinal stenosis most pronounced at L4/L5 and disc 
bulges at L3/L4 and L5/S1. The patient opted for lumbar decompression surgery. 
After an unremarkable comprehensive preoperative workup, including cardiac 
evaluation (electrocardiogram, echocardiogram), the patient was induced general 
anesthesia in a prone position. A lumbar incision was made from L2 to S1. When 
the left L4 nerve root was retracted while removing the prolapsed disc at L4/L5, 
the anesthetist cautioned the surgeon of bradycardia (34 beats per minute 
[bpm]), and the surgery was immediately stopped. The heart rate improved to 
60 bpm within 30 seconds. When the root was later retracted again, a second 
episode of bradycardia occurred for 4 minutes with heart rate declining to 
48 bpm. The surgery was stopped, and after 4 minutes, the anesthetist 
administered 600 µg of atropine. The heart rate then rose to 73 bpm within 
1 minute. Other potential causes for bradycardia were excluded. The total blood 
loss was estimated to be 100 mL. He remains well at his 6-month follow-up and 
has returned to work as normal. Akin to previously published cases, each episode 
of bradycardia coincided with dural manipulation, which may indicate a possible 
reflex between the spinal dura mater and the cardiovascular system. Such a rare 
adverse event may occur even in seemingly healthy, young individuals, and 
anesthetists should caution the operating surgeon of bradycardias to exclude 
operative manipulation of the dura as the cause. While this phenomenon is only 
reported in a handful of lumbar spine surgery cases, it provides evidence for a 
potential spinal-cardiac physiological reflex in the lumbar spine that may be 
neural mediated and should be investigated further.

Asian Congress of Neurological Surgeons. This is an open access article 
published by Thieme under the terms of the Creative Commons 
Attribution-NonDerivative-NonCommercial License, permitting copying and 
reproduction so long as the original work is given appropriate credit. Contents 
may not be used for commercial purposes, or adapted, remixed, transformed or 
built upon. ( https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/ ).

DOI: 10.1055/s-0043-1769894
PMCID: PMC10313433
PMID: 37397037

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest None declared.


164. Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9806393. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9806393. eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Chemotherapy with a TP Regimen in Combination with Stereotactic 
Radiotherapy Could Significantly Optimize the Clinical Efficacy of NSCLC 
Treatment.

And Alternative Medicine EC.

Retraction of
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Jun 14;2022:8495452. doi: 
10.1155/2022/8495452.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/8495452.].

Copyright © 2023 Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9806393
PMCID: PMC10307085
PMID: 37388116


165. Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9826952. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9826952. eCollection 2023.

Retracted: Camrelizumab and Apatinib Combined with Radiotherapy Is Effective in 
Advanced Oligometastatic Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.

And Alternative Medicine EC.

Retraction of
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Sep 24;2022:5067402. doi: 
10.1155/2022/5067402.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/5067402.].

Copyright © 2023 Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9826952
PMCID: PMC10307375
PMID: 37387848


166. Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol. 2023 Oct;43(10):1818-1832. doi: 
10.1161/ATVBAHA.123.318978. Epub 2023 Jun 29.

Activation of Platelet mTORC2/Akt Pathway by Anti-β2GP1 Antibody Promotes 
Thrombosis in Antiphospholipid Syndrome.

Tang Z(#)(1), Shi H(#)(1), Chen C(#)(2), Teng J(1), Dai J(2), Ouyang X(3)(4), 
Liu H(1), Hu Q(1), Cheng X(1), Ye J(1), Su Y(1), Sun Y(1), Pan H(1), Wang X(2), 
Liu J(5), Su B(3)(6)(7)(8), Yang C(1), Xu Y(5), Liu T(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Rheumatology and Immunology, Ruijin Hospital (Z.T., H.S., J.T., 
H.L., Q.H., X.C., J.Y., Y. Su, Y. Sun, H.P., C.Y., T.L.), Shanghai Jiao Tong 
University School of Medicine, China.
(2)Department of Laboratory Medicine, Ruijin Hospital (C.C., J.D., X.W.), 
Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, China.
(3)Department of Immunology and Microbiology, Shanghai Institute of Immunology, 
Ministry of Education Key Laboratory of Cell Death and Differentiation (X.O., 
B.S.), Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, China.
(4)Department of Tumor Biology, Shanghai Chest Hospital (X.O.), Shanghai Jiao 
Tong University School of Medicine, China.
(5)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Cell Biology (J.L., Y.X.), Shanghai 
Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, China.
(6)Center for Human Translational Immunology at Shanghai Institute of 
Immunology, Ruijin Hospital (B.S.), Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of 
Medicine, China.
(7)Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine-Yale Institute for Immune 
Metabolism (B.S.), Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, China.
(8)Key Laboratory of Molecular Radiation Oncology of Hunan Province, Xiangya 
Hospital, Central South University, Changsha, China (B.S.).
(#)Contributed equally

Comment in
    Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol. 2023 Oct;43(10):1833-1835. doi: 
10.1161/ATVBAHA.123.319738.

BACKGROUND: Anti-β2GP1 (β2-glycoprotein 1) antibodies are the primary pathogenic 
antibody to promote thrombosis in antiphospholipid syndrome (APS), yet the 
underlying mechanism remains obscure. We aimed to explore the intracellular 
pathway that mediated platelet activation.
METHODS: Platelets were isolated from patients with APS and subjected to RNA 
sequencing. Platelet aggregation, the release of platelet granules, platelet 
spreading, and clot retraction were detected to evaluate platelet activation. We 
purified anti-β2GP1 antibodies from patients with APS and the total IgG from 
healthy donors to stimulate platelets with/without FcγRIIA (Fcγ receptor IIA) 
blocking antibody or Akt (protein kinase B) inhibitor. Platelet-specific Sin1 
(stress-activated protein kinase-interacting protein) deficiency mice were 
established. The thrombus model of inferior vena cava flow restriction, ferric 
chloride-induced carotid injury model, and laser-induced vessel wall injury in 
cremaster arterioles model were constructed after administration of anti-β2GP1 
antibodies.
RESULTS: Combined RNA sequencing and bioinformatics analysis suggested that APS 
platelets exhibited increased levels of mRNA associated with platelet 
activation, which was in line with the hyperactivation of APS platelets in 
response to stimuli. Platelet activation in APS platelets was accompanied by 
upregulation of the mTORC2 (mammalian target of the rapamycin complex 2)/Akt 
pathway and increased levels of SIN1 phosphorylation at threonine 86. Anti-β2GP1 
antibody derived from patients with APS enhanced platelet activation and 
upregulated the mTORC2/Akt pathway. Moreover, the Akt inhibitor weakened the 
potentiating effect of the anti-β2GP1 antibody on platelet activation. Notably, 
Sin1 deficiency suppresses anti-β2GP1 antibody-enhanced platelet activation in 
vitro and thrombosis in all 3 models.
CONCLUSIONS: This study elucidated the novel mechanism involving the mTORC2/Akt 
pathway, which mediates the promotion of platelet activation and induction of 
thrombosis by the anti-β2GP1 antibody. The findings suggest that SIN1 may be a 
promising therapeutic target for the treatment of APS.

DOI: 10.1161/ATVBAHA.123.318978
PMID: 37381985 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosures None.


167. Heliyon. 2023 May 26;9(6):e16632. doi: 10.1016/j.heliyon.2023.e16632. Online 
ahead of print.

Retraction notice to"Impacts of Smartphone Radiation on Pregnancy: A Systematic 
Review" <[Heliyon 8 (2022) e08915]>.

Al-Jarrah I(1), Rababa M(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nursing, University of Wisconsin Milwaukee, 1921 E Hartford 
Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53211, United States.
(2)Department of Adult Health Nursing, Jordan University of Science and 
Technology, P.O.Box 3030, Irbid 22110, Jordan.

Retraction of
    Heliyon. 2022 Feb;8(2):e08915. doi: 10.1016/j.heliyon.2022.e08915.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1016/j.heliyon.2022.e08915.].

© 2022 The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1016/j.heliyon.2023.e16632
PMCID: PMC10212588
PMID: 37361133


168. Br J Neurosurg. 2023 Jun 22:1-4. doi: 10.1080/02688697.2023.2225611. Online 
ahead of print.

The use of intraoperative CT navigation for posterior cervical spine 
foraminotomy.

Tan BH(1), Sockalingam S(1), Ganesan D(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Surgery, Neurosurgery Division, University of Malaya Medical 
Centre, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

OBJECTIVES: Posterior cervical foraminotomy is a surgical procedure used to 
treat unilateral cervical radiculopathy. It provides direct decompression of the 
nerve root without the necessity of fusion while maintaining cervical mobility. 
With the advancement in image-guidance technology and minimal access techniques, 
intra-operative CT has provided a safer, more accurate instrumentation placement 
with less radiation exposure to operative staff and provides better anatomical 
visualization quality compared to traditional intra-operative imaging 
techniques. This case series aims to address the applications of advanced image 
guidance in posterior cervical foraminotomy and describe the nuances.
METHOD: A technical report on a series of seven cases on intraoperative CT 
navigation for posterior cervical foraminotomy surgery. Posterior cervical 
foraminotomy was performed in all patients under CT guided navigation system 
without an image intensifier. In one case after the foraminotomy, the extruded 
disc was carefully removed by gentle retraction.
RESULT: From 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2021, a total of seven patients with 
nine cervical foraminotomy procedures were performed using the aid of CT-guided 
navigation. The series comprised five women and two men whose mean age was 50.6 
years. In all cases, the radiculopathy symptoms were diminished significantly. 
There were no cases of instability on the dynamic cervical radiograph. There 
were no complications during the surgical procedure.
CONCLUSION: The navigation also allows the surgeon to localise the index level 
accurately and appraise the adequacy of the intended decompression in three 
planes of the CT scan image. The ability to perform accurate spine navigation 
would be the precursor for robotic spinal surgery.

DOI: 10.1080/02688697.2023.2225611
PMID: 37345453


169. J Exp Biol. 2023 Jun 1;226(11):jeb245760. doi: 10.1242/jeb.245760. Epub 2023 Jun 
13.

Artificial light impairs local attraction to females in male glow-worms.

Moubarak EM(1), David Fernandes AS(1), Stewart AJA(1), Niven JE(1).

Author information:
(1)School of Life Sciences, University of Sussex, Falmer, Brighton BN1 9QG, UK.

The negative effects of artificial lighting at night (ALAN) on insects are 
increasingly recognised and have been postulated as one possible cause of 
declines in insect populations. Yet, the behavioural mechanisms underpinning 
ALAN effects on insects remain unclear. ALAN interferes with the bioluminescent 
signal female glow-worms use to attract males, disrupting reproduction. To 
determine the behavioural mechanisms that underpin this effect of ALAN, we 
quantified the effect of white illumination on males' ability to reach a 
female-mimicking LED within a Y-maze. We show that as the intensity of 
illumination increases, the proportion of males reaching the female-mimicking 
LED declines. Brighter illumination also increases the time taken by males to 
reach the female-mimicking LED. This is a consequence of males spending more 
time: (i) in the central arm of the Y-maze; and (ii) with their head retracted 
beneath their head shield. These effects reverse rapidly when illumination is 
removed, suggesting that male glow-worms are averse to white light. Our results 
show that ALAN not only prevents male glow-worms from reaching females, but also 
increases the time they take to reach females and the time they spend avoiding 
exposure to light. This demonstrates that the impacts of ALAN on male glow-worms 
extend beyond those previously observed in field experiments, and raises the 
possibility that ALAN has similar behavioural impacts on other insect species 
that remain undetected in field experiments.

© 2023. Published by The Company of Biologists Ltd.

DOI: 10.1242/jeb.245760
PMCID: PMC10281516
PMID: 37311409 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests The authors declare no 
competing or financial interests.


170. Med Oncol. 2023 Jun 13;40(7):203. doi: 10.1007/s12032-023-02070-1.

Efficacy and safety of EGFR inhibitor gefitinib in recurrent or metastatic 
cervical cancer: a preliminary report.

Krishna A(1), Sathya M(2), Mukesh S(2), Athiyamaan MS(3), Banerjee S(3), Sunny 
J(3), Srinivas C(3), Lobo D(3), Makkapatti BS(3), Jawahar V(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Kasturba Medical College, Mangalore, India. 
abhishek.krishna@manipal.edu.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Mysore Medical College and Research 
Institute, Mysore, India.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Kasturba Medical College, Mangalore, India.

There has been growing interest in the use of epidermal growth factor receptor 
inhibitors in various cancers. The study was conducted to evaluate the efficacy 
and safety of gefitinib as a monotherapy in patients with recurrent or 
metastatic cervical cancer. Patients with cervical carcinoma who experienced 
locoregional recurrence or distant metastases either at presentation or after 
definitive combined chemoradiotherapy or postoperative radiotherapy were 
enrolled. Gefitinib was administered orally at a dose of 250 mg/d to eligible 
patients. Treatment with Gefitinib was continued until disease progression, 
intolerable adverse effects were developed, or consent was withdrawn. Clinical 
and radiological investigations were used to verify the disease response. 
Toxicity was graded according to the National Cancer Institute Common 
Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events version 5.0. The study enrolled 32 
patients who met the eligibility criteria. Thirty patients were available for 
the analysis. The majority of the patients included in the analysis had FIGO 
stage IIIB disease at their initial presentation. The median follow-up time was 
6 months (3-15 months). Two patients (7%) had a complete clinical response, 7 
patients (23%) had a partial response, 5 patients (17%) showed a stable disease 
and 16 patients had progressive disease (53%). The disease control rate was 47%. 
The median PFS was noted to be 4.5 months and the 1-year PFS was 20%. None of 
the individuals experienced toxicity of grade 3 or higher. All toxicities were 
managed conservatively. The study suggests that gefitinib may be a promising 
therapeutic option for patients with advanced cervical cancer who have limited 
treatment alternatives.

© 2023. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1007/s12032-023-02070-1
PMCID: PMC10264517
PMID: 37310466 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


171. J Healthc Eng. 2023 May 24;2023:9865373. doi: 10.1155/2023/9865373. eCollection 
2023.

Retracted: Dose Prediction Models Based on Geometric and Plan Optimization 
Parameter for Adjuvant Radiotherapy Planning Design in Cervical Cancer 
Radiotherapy.

Healthcare Engineering JO.

Retraction of
    J Healthc Eng. 2021 Nov 12;2021:7026098. doi: 10.1155/2021/7026098.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2021/7026098.].

Copyright © 2023 Journal of Healthcare Engineering.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9865373
PMCID: PMC10232068
PMID: 37266251


172. BMC Complement Med Ther. 2023 May 29;23(1):172. doi: 10.1186/s12906-023-04010-y.

Retraction Note: Butein inhibits metastatic behavior in mouse melanoma cells 
through VEGF expression and translation-dependent signaling pathway regulation.

Lai YW(1)(2), Wang SW(3), Chang CH(4), Liu SC(5), Chen YJ(6)(7), Chi CW(6), Chiu 
LP(1)(2), Chen SS(1)(2), Chiu AW(1)(2), Chung CH(8).

Author information:
(1)Department of Urology, National Yang-Ming University School of Medicine, 
Taipei, Taiwan.
(2)Division of Urology, Taipei City Hospital Renai Branch, Taipei, Taiwan.
(3)Department of Medicine, Mackay Medical College, No. 46, Sec. 3, Jhong-Jheng 
Rd., Sanzhi Dist, Taipei, Taiwan.
(4)Institute of Pharmacology, College of Medicine, National Taiwan University, 
Taipei, Taiwan.
(5)Department of Orthopaedics, Mackay Memorial Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan.
(6)Department of Medical Research, Mackay Memorial Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan.
(7)Department of Radiation Oncology, Mackay Memorial Hospital, Taipei, Taiwan.
(8)Department of Medicine, Mackay Medical College, No. 46, Sec. 3, Jhong-Jheng 
Rd., Sanzhi Dist, Taipei, Taiwan. chchung@mmc.edu.tw.

Retraction of
    BMC Complement Altern Med. 2015 Dec 22;15:445. doi: 
10.1186/s12906-015-0970-3.

DOI: 10.1186/s12906-023-04010-y
PMCID: PMC10226214
PMID: 37248501


173. Cancer Gene Ther. 2023 Jul;30(7):1041. doi: 10.1038/s41417-023-00630-1.

Retraction Note: circ_001504 promotes the development of renal cell carcinoma by 
sponging microRNA-149 to increase NUCB2.

Xin R(1)(2), Qu D(1)(3), Xu H(1)(4), Chen D(5)(6).

Author information:
(1)Jilin University, 130000, Changchun, P. R. China.
(2)Department of Radiology, the Second Hospital of Jilin University, 130000, 
Changchun, P. R. China.
(3)Department of Respiratory and Critical Diseases, the Second Hospital of Jilin 
University, 130000, Changchun, P. R. China.
(4)Department of Ultrasound, the First Hospital of Jilin University, 130000, 
Changchun, P. R. China.
(5)Jilin University, 130000, Changchun, P. R. China. chendw@jlu.edu.cn.
(6)Department of Radiation Protection, School of Public Health, Jilin 
University, 130000, Changchun, P. R. China. chendw@jlu.edu.cn.

Retraction of
    Cancer Gene Ther. 2021 Jun;28(6):667-678. doi: 10.1038/s41417-020-00247-8.

DOI: 10.1038/s41417-023-00630-1
PMID: 37248435


174. Oncogene. 2023 Jul;42(28):2234. doi: 10.1038/s41388-023-02720-8.

Retraction Note: HIF-1-dependent expression of angiopoietin-like 4 and L1CAM 
mediates vascular metastasis of hypoxic breast cancer cells to the lungs.

Zhang H(1)(2)(3), Wong CCL(1)(4), Wei H(1)(4), Gilkes DM(1)(4), Korangath P(2), 
Chaturvedi P(1)(4), Schito L(1)(5), Chen J(1)(4), Krishnamachary B(6), Winnard 
PT Jr(6), Raman V(6), Zhen L(7), Mitzner WA(7), Sukumar S(2), Semenza 
GL(8)(9)(10)(11).

Author information:
(1)Vascular Program, Institute for Cell Engineering, The Johns Hopkins 
University School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD, USA.
(2)Department of Oncology, The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, 
Baltimore, MD, USA.
(3)School of Life Science, The University of Science and Technology of China, 
Hefei, Anhui, China.
(4)McKusick-Nathans Institute of Genetic Medicine, The Johns Hopkins University 
School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD, USA.
(5)University of Rome 'La Sapienza', Rome, Italy.
(6)Department of Radiology, The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, 
Baltimore, MD, USA.
(7)Division of Physiology, The Johns Hopkins University School of Public Health, 
Baltimore, MD, USA.
(8)Vascular Program, Institute for Cell Engineering, The Johns Hopkins 
University School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD, USA. gsemenza@jhmi.edu.
(9)Department of Oncology, The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, 
Baltimore, MD, USA. gsemenza@jhmi.edu.
(10)McKusick-Nathans Institute of Genetic Medicine, The Johns Hopkins University 
School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD, USA. gsemenza@jhmi.edu.
(11)Departments of Pediatrics, Medicine, Radiation Oncology, and Biological 
Chemistry, The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD, USA. 
gsemenza@jhmi.edu.

Retraction of
    Oncogene. 2012 Apr 5;31(14):1757-70. doi: 10.1038/onc.2011.365.

DOI: 10.1038/s41388-023-02720-8
PMCID: PMC10330742
PMID: 37221224


175. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Biol Rep. 2023 Jun;50(6):5307-5317. doi: 10.1007/s11033-023-08364-x. Epub 
2023 May 8.

MiR-125 family improves the radiosensitivity of head and neck squamous cell 
carcinoma.

Wang QW(1), Sun YN(2), Tan LJ(3), Zhao JN(4), Zhou XJ(4), Yu TJ(4), Liu JT(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otolaryngology, Head and Neck Surgery, Harbin Medical 
University, Harbin, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Otolaryngology, Head and Neck Surgery, The Second Affiliated 
Hospital of Harbin Medical University, No.246, Xuefu Road, Harbin, 150081, 
People's Republic of China. syn2767@126.com.
(3)Department of Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Harbin Medical 
University, Harbin, People's Republic of China.
(4)Department of Otolaryngology, Head and Neck Surgery, The First Affiliated 
Hospital of Harbin Medical University, No.23, Youzheng Street, Harbin, 150001, 
People's Republic of China.
(5)Department of Otolaryngology, Head and Neck Surgery, The First Affiliated 
Hospital of Harbin Medical University, No.23, Youzheng Street, Harbin, 150001, 
People's Republic of China. ljt89103@163.com.

Retraction in
    Mol Biol Rep. 2024 Jan 30;51(1):239. doi: 10.1007/s11033-024-09283-1.

BACKGROUND: MiRNAs can affect the radiosensitization of head and neck squamous 
cell carcinoma (HNSCC). We aimed to analyze the function of miR-125 family 
members in HNSCC using The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) and determine their effect 
on radiation in laryngeal squamous cell cancer (LSCC).
METHODS: First, we systematically analyzed the role of the miR-125 family in 
HNSCC using the TCGA database and found that miR-125a-5p is associated with 
radiotherapy. We then performed comprehensive enrichment analysis of miR-125a-5p 
and predicted target genes. Then, we performed transfection, cell proliferation 
assays, reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction, apoptosis assays, 
micronucleus tests, and western blotting on hep-2 cells selected with puromycin.
RESULTS: MiR-125 family members exhibited significantly different expression in 
HNSCC. They were significantly associated with tumor-node-metastasis staging, 
clinical stages, and histological grades. Radiation therapy had a statistically 
effect on miR-125 family members, except miR-125a-3p. Moreover, miR-125a-5p was 
related to overall survival in LSCC. Thus, we predicted 110 target genes and 
seven hub genes of miR-125a-5p. The proliferation rate of cells transfected with 
lentivirus vector expressing miR-125a-5p was significantly reduced compared to 
the other groups. The radiation effect was enhanced in cells transfected with 
miR-125a-5p. The ratio of apoptotic cells transfected and exposed to X-rays 
(10 Gy) was distinctly higher than that of the Ad-control group. Western 
blotting analysis revealed that miR-125a-5p upregulated the apoptotic regulators 
P53 and rH2AX. Thus, miR-125a-5p may increase radiosensitivity in LSCC via 
upregulation of pro-apoptotic genes.
CONCLUSIONS: MiR-125 family members could be prognostic biomarkers of HNSCC and 
improve HNSCC sensitivity to radiotherapy by activating P53. Upregulating 
miR-125a-5p via lentivirus vectors may be a novel strategy to strengthen the 
effect of radiotherapy on LSCC.

© 2023. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1007/s11033-023-08364-x
PMCID: PMC10209316
PMID: 37155009 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have no conflicts of interest to 
declare.


176. Clin J Gastroenterol. 2023 Aug;16(4):588-592. doi: 10.1007/s12328-023-01802-0. 
Epub 2023 May 6.

Severe skin ulcer caused by taking lenvatinib after proton beam therapy.

Iwasa T(1), Adachi S(2), Ogiso H(1), Takada E(1), Mabuchi M(1), Suzuki Y(1), 
Yamauchi O(1), Saito K(1), Iwashita T(3), Ogino H(4), Shimizu M(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gastroenterology/Internal Medicine, Gihoku Kosei Hospital, 
Gifu-Seino Medical Center, 1187-3 Takatomi, Yamagata, 501-2105, Japan.
(2)Department of Gastroenterology/Internal Medicine, Gihoku Kosei Hospital, 
Gifu-Seino Medical Center, 1187-3 Takatomi, Yamagata, 501-2105, Japan. 
seijiadachi0123@gmail.com.
(3)Department of Gastroenterology, Gifu University Graduate School of Medicine, 
Gifu, Japan.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Nagoya Proton Therapy Center, Nagoya City 
University West Medical Center, Hirate-Cho, Kita-Ku, Nagoya, Japan.

A 69-year-old man was treated with lenvatinib after three sessions of proton 
beam therapy (PBT) for hepatocellular carcinoma. Five months after 
administration of lenvatinib, a dermatitis with huge skin ulcer formed in the 
site of PBT irradiation. Lenvatinib was immediately withdrawn, but the skin 
ulcer continued growing until about 2 weeks later. With topical and antibiotic 
treatment, the skin ulcer resolved after about 4 months. After administration of 
lenvatinib, potential skin damage due to PBT at the irradiated site may have 
become apparent. This is the first report describing skin ulcer by the 
combination of lenvatinib administration and PBT.

© 2023. Japanese Society of Gastroenterology.

DOI: 10.1007/s12328-023-01802-0
PMID: 37147555 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


177. Oncol Rep. 2023 Jun;49(6):117. doi: 10.3892/or.2023.8554. Epub 2023 Apr 28.

[Retracted] FAM172A induces S phase arrest of HepG2 cells via Notch 3.

Feng Z(1), Li H(2), Liu S(3), Cheng J(3), Xiang G(4), Zhang J(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Hepatobiliary Surgery, Air Force General Hospital of PLA, 
Beijing 100142, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Air Force General Hospital of PLA, Beijing 
100142, P.R. China.
(3)Institute of Infectious Diseases, Beijing Ditan Hospital, Capital Medical 
University, Beijing 100015, P.R. China.
(4)Department of General Surgery, The Second People's Hospital of Guangdong 
Province, Guangzhou 510515, P.R. China.

Retraction of
    Oncol Rep. 2013 Mar;29(3):1154-60. doi: 10.3892/or.2013.2235.

Following the publication of the above article, a concerned reader drew to the 
Editor's attention that the western blots featured in Figs. 1G, 2B, 3B and 4E 
contained groupings of bands that were markedly similar in appearance, both 
within the same gel slices and comparing across different gel slices between the 
figures in the case of Figs. 3 and 4. After having conducted an internal 
investigation of this matter, the Editor of Oncology Reports has judged that the 
anomalous groupings of data were too extensive that their apperance could have 
been attributed to pure coincidence. Therefore, the Editor has decided that this 
article should be retracted from the publication on the grounds of an overall 
lack of confidence in the data. After having been in contact with the authors of 
this study, they accepted the Editor's decision to retract this article. The 
Editor sincerely apologizes to the readership for any incovenience caused, and 
we thank the reader for bringing this matter to our attention. [Oncology Reports 
29: 1154‑1160, 2013; DOI: 10.3892/or.2013.2235].

DOI: 10.3892/or.2023.8554
PMCID: PMC10170476
PMID: 37114553


178. J Clin Med. 2023 Apr 9;12(8):2789. doi: 10.3390/jcm12082789.

Oral Sequelae after Head and Neck Radiotherapy: RCT Comparing 3D-Printed Tissue 
Retraction Devices with Conventional Dental Splints.

Herpel C(1), Held T(2)(3)(4), Labis C(1), Christ L(2), Lang K(2)(3)(4), Regnery 
S(2)(3)(4), Eichkorn T(2)(3)(4), Lentz-Hommertgen A(2)(3), Jaekel C(2)(3), 
Moratin J(5), Semmelmayer K(5), Moutsis TT(6), Plath K(6), Ristow O(5), 
Freudlsperger C(5), Adeberg S(7)(8), Debus J(2)(3)(4)(9)(10)(11), Rammelsberg 
P(1), Schwindling FS(12).

Author information:
(1)Department of Prosthodontics, Heidelberg University Hospital, 69120 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Heidelberg University Hospital, 69120 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(3)Heidelberg Institute of Radiation Oncology (HIRO), 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.
(4)National Center for Tumor Diseases (NCT), 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.
(5)Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, Heidelberg University Hospital, 
69120 Heidelberg, Germany.
(6)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, University of Heidelberg, 69120 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(7)Department of Radiation Oncology, Marburg Ion-Beam Therapy Center (MIT), 
Marburg University Hospital, 35043 Marburg, Germany.
(8)Department of Radiation Oncology, Marburg University Hospital, 35043 Marburg, 
Germany.
(9)Clinical Cooperation Unit Radiation Oncology, German Cancer Research Center 
(DKFZ), 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.
(10)Heidelberg Ion-Beam Therapy Center (HIT), 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.
(11)German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), Partner Site Heidelberg, German Cancer 
Research Center (DKFZ), 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.
(12)Department of Prosthetic Dentistry, Medical University Innsbruck, 6020 
Innsbruck, Austria.

OBJECTIVES: To evaluate oral sequelae after head and neck radiotherapy (RT) when 
using two different types of intraoral appliances. Thermoplastic dental splints 
(active control) protect against backscattered radiation from dental structures. 
Semi-individualized, 3D-printed tissue retraction devices (TRDs, study group) 
additionally spare healthy tissue from irradiation.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 29 patients with head and neck cancer were 
enrolled in a randomized controlled pilot trial and allocated to receive TRDs (n 
= 15) or conventional splints (n = 14). Saliva quality and quantity 
(Saliva-Check, GC), taste perception (Taste strips, Burghart-Messtechnik), and 
oral disability (JFLS-8, OHIP-14, maximum mouth opening) were recorded before 
and 3 months after RT start. Radiotherapy target volume, modality, total dose, 
fractionation, and imaging guidance were case-dependent. To evaluate intra-group 
developments between baseline and follow-up, nonparametric Wilcoxon tests were 
performed. Mann-Whitney-U tests were applied for inter-group comparisons.
RESULTS: At follow-up, taste perception was unimpaired (median difference in the 
total score; TRDs: 0, control: 0). No significant changes were found regarding 
oral disability. Saliva quantity (stimulated flow) was significantly reduced 
with conventional splints (median -4 mL, p = 0.016), while it decreased 
insignificantly with TRDs (median -2 mL, p = 0.07). Follow-up was attended by 
9/15 study group participants (control 13/14). Inter-group comparisons showed no 
significant differences but a tendency towards a better outcome for disability 
and saliva quality in the intervention group.
CONCLUSION: Due to the small cohort size and the heterogeneity of the sample, 
the results must be interpreted with reservation. Further research must confirm 
the positive trends of TRD application. Negative side-effects of TRD application 
seem improbable.

DOI: 10.3390/jcm12082789
PMCID: PMC10146966
PMID: 37109126

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


179. Res Vet Sci. 2023 Jun;159:93-100. doi: 10.1016/j.rvsc.2023.04.015. Epub 2023 Apr 
23.

Teratogenic effects of radiofrequency electromagnetic radiation on the embryonic 
development of chick: A study on morphology and hatchability.

Augustianath T(1), Evans DA(2), Anisha GS(3).

Author information:
(1)Post-graduate and Research Department of Zoology (Research Centre Affiliated 
to University of Kerala), Government College for Women, Thiruvananthapuram, 
Kerala 695014, India.
(2)Department of Zoology, University College, Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala 695034, 
India.
(3)Post-graduate and Research Department of Zoology (Research Centre Affiliated 
to University of Kerala), Government College for Women, Thiruvananthapuram, 
Kerala 695014, India. Electronic address: anishags@gcwtvm.ac.in.

The present study was aimed at studying the effects of RF-EMR in causing 
teratogenic changes in the embryonic development of organisms using chick embryo 
as a model. The fertilized eggs of the hen were incubated in a digital 
humidified incubator and exposed to RF-EMR from 2G and 4G mobile phones by 
ringing at regular time intervals. The dose of RF-EMR was varied by increasing 
the call duration and number of calls per day, with the lower dose being a call 
duration of 50 min/day and the higher dose being 90 min/day. The phone kept had 
a range of radiofrequency between 900 and 1800 MHz and SAR (Specific Absorption 
Rate) 1.355 (2G) and 1.12 (4G) watts/ kg respectively. The batch of eggs 
incubated without any exposure to RF-EMR was taken as control. The hatchability 
of 2G and 4G experimental groups were respectively, 65% and 75% at lower 
radiation exposure and 40% and 55% at higher radiation exposure. The teratogenic 
effects of RF-EMR on the morphology of chick embryos manifested as the cross 
beak, non-retracted yolk sac, macrocephaly, malformed legs and toes, disability 
in standing and balancing the body and variations in body weight, body length 
and beak length. The results indicate that the RF-EMR poses potential threats to 
the developing stages of organisms.

Copyright © 2023 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.rvsc.2023.04.015
PMID: 37104994 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest The authors 
declare no potential conflicts of interest concerning the research, authorship 
and/or publication of this article.


180. Oncotarget. 2023 Apr 24;14:363. doi: 10.18632/oncotarget.28416.

Retraction: LncRNA NEAT1 enhances the radio-resistance of cervical cancer via 
miR-193b-3p/CCND1 axis.

Han D(1), Wang J(1), Cheng G(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, Changchun 130033, China.

Retraction of
    Oncotarget. 2017 Dec 18;9(2):2395-2409. doi: 10.18632/oncotarget.23416.

DOI: 10.18632/oncotarget.28416
PMID: 37097002


181. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2023 Apr 12;2023:2721427. doi: 10.1155/2023/2721427. eCollection 
2023.

Evaluation of Cholesterol Thickness of Blood Vessels Using Photoacoustic 
Technology.

Salih AK(1), Alwan AH(2), Opulencia MJC(3), Uinarni H(4)(5), Khamidova FM(6)(7), 
Atiyah MS(8), Awadh SA(9), Hammid AT(10), Arzehgar Z(11).

Author information:
(1)Al-Nahrain University, Baghdad, Iraq.
(2)Ibn Al-Bitar Specialized Center for Cardiac Surgery, Baghdad, Iraq.
(3)Ajman University, Ajman, UAE.
(4)Atma Jaya Catholic University of Indonesia, Jakarta, Indonesia.
(5)Pantai Indah Kapuk Hospital, North Jakarta, Indonesia.
(6)Department of Ophthalmology, Samarkand State Medical Institute, Samarkand, 
Uzbekistan.
(7)Tashkent State Dental Institute, Tashkent, Uzbekistan.
(8)Al-Manara College for Medical Sciences, Maysan, Iraq.
(9)Al-mustaqbal University, Babylon, Iraq.
(10)Imam Ja'afar Al-Sadiq University, Baghdad, Iraq.
(11)Department of Chemistry, Payame Noor University, Tehran, Iran.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2023 Dec 29;2023:9804910. doi: 10.1155/2023/9804910.

One of the primary indicators of plaque vulnerability is the lipid composition 
of atherosclerotic plaques. Therefore, the medical industry requires a method to 
evaluate necrotic nuclei in atherosclerosis imaging with sensitivity. In this 
regard, photoacoustic imaging is a plaque detection method that provides 
chemical information on lipids and cholesterol thickness in the arterial walls 
of the patient. This aspect aims to increase the low-frequency axial resolution 
by developing a new photoacoustic-based system. A photoacoustic system has been 
developed to detect the cholesterol thickness of the blood vessels to observe 
the progression of plaque in the heart's blood vessels. The application of the 
coherent photoacoustic discontinuous correlation tomography technique, which is 
based on a novel signal processing, significantly increased the cholesterol 
oleate's sensitivity to plaque necrosis. By enhancing the quality of thickness 
detection, the system for measuring the thickness of cholesterol in blood 
vessels has been reduced to approximately 23 microns. The results show that the 
phase spectrum peaked at 100 Hz at 58.66 degrees, and at 400 Hz, the phase 
spectrum was 46.37 degrees. The minimum amplitude is 1.95 at 100 Hz and 17.67 at 
400 Hz. In conclusion, it can be stated that photoacoustic imaging as a method 
based on new technologies is of great importance in medical research, which is 
based on the use of nonionizing radiation to perform diagnostic processes and 
measure different types of body tissues.

Copyright © 2023 Alaa Kassar Salih et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/2721427
PMCID: PMC10115531
PMID: 37090193 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


182. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Apr 13;2023:4242346. doi: 
10.1155/2023/4242346. eCollection 2023.

Apatinib plus Radiotherapy on the Expression of CEA and VEGF in Advanced 
Oligometastatic Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.

Zhu Y(1), Lin Z(2), Wu C(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Central South University Xiangya School of Medicine 
Affiliated Haikou Hospital, Haikou, China.
(2)Department of Tumor Radiotherapy, Central South University Xiangya School of 
Medicine Affiliated Haikou Hospital, Haikou, China.
(3)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Central South University Xiangya School of 
Medicine Affiliated Haikou Hospital, Haikou, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9821932. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9821932.

OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the clinical efficacy of 
apatinib plus concurrent radiotherapy on carcinoma embryonic antigen (CEA) and 
vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) expression in patients with 
non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with oligometastases.
METHODS: This is a prospective randomized controlled trial. Sixty-four patients 
with oligometastatic NSCLC who were treated in the Central South University 
Xiangya School of Medicine Affiliated Haikou Hospital from January 2017 to 
January 2019 were randomly assigned into the control group and the study group, 
with 32 cases in each group. The control group was treated with stereotactic 
body radiotherapy (SBRT), and the study group was treated with apatinib.
RESULTS: The overall response rate (ORR) of the study group was significantly 
higher than that of the control group. The carcinoma embryonic antigen (CEA) and 
the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) in the two groups were 
significantly decreased, with lower results in the study group compared to the 
control group. The 12-month and 24-month overall survival (OS) of the study 
group were significantly higher than those of the control group. There was no 
significant difference in progression-free survival (PFS) between the two 
groups. The median OS in the control group was 20.0 months, and the study group 
had not yet reached the median OS; the OS in the study group was significantly 
higher than that in the control group. There was no significant difference in 
adverse reactions between the two groups.
CONCLUSION: For patients with oligometastatic lung cancer, apatinib combined 
with chemotherapy can significantly improve clinical efficacy, reduce tumor 
marker expression, and extend overall survival with good safety profiles.

Copyright © 2023 Yanxing Zhu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/4242346
PMCID: PMC10118890
PMID: 37089715

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


183. BMC Complement Med Ther. 2023 Apr 20;23(1):127. doi: 10.1186/s12906-023-03954-5.

Retraction Note: Suppression of NF-κB signaling by ECN in an arthritic model of 
inflammation.

Khan A(1), Zhang L(2), Li CH(3), Khan AU(1)(4), Shal B(1), Khan A(1), Ahmad 
S(5), Din FU(6), Rehman ZU(7), Wang F(8), Khan S(9).

Author information:
(1)Pharmacological Sciences Research Lab, Department of Pharmacy, Faculty of 
Biological Sciences, Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad, Pakistan.
(2)Department of Medical Oncology, Cancer Center, West China Hospital, West 
China Medical School, Sichuan University, Sichuan, People's Republic of China.
(3)Division of Radiation Physics, Cancer Center, West China Hospital, Sichuan 
University, Chengdu, 610041, Sichuan, China.
(4)Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Abasyn University, Peshawar, KPK, 
Pakistan.
(5)Department of Health and Biological Sciences, Abasyn University, Peshawar, 
25000, Pakistan.
(6)Department of Pharmacy, Faculty of Biological Sciences, Quad-i-Azam 
University, Islamabad, Pakistan.
(7)Department of Chemistry, Quaid-I-Azam University, Islamabad, 45320, Pakistan.
(8)Department of Medical Oncology, Cancer Center, West China Hospital, West 
China Medical School, Sichuan University, Sichuan, People's Republic of China. 
wangfeng5024@126.com.
(9)Pharmacological Sciences Research Lab, Department of Pharmacy, Faculty of 
Biological Sciences, Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad, Pakistan. 
skhan@qau.edu.pk.

Retraction of
    BMC Complement Med Ther. 2022 Jun 13;22(1):158. doi: 
10.1186/s12906-022-03629-7.

DOI: 10.1186/s12906-023-03954-5
PMCID: PMC10116826
PMID: 37081451


184. Aging (Albany NY). 2023 Apr 14;15(7):2812. doi: 10.18632/aging.204664. Epub 2023 
Apr 14.

Retraction: FoxD2-AS1 promotes glioma progression by regulating miR-185- 
5P/HMGA2 axis and PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.

Ni W(1)(2)(3), Xia Y(4)(5)(6), Bi Y(1)(2)(3), Wen F(1)(2)(3), Hu D(1)(2)(3), Luo 
L(1)(2)(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, The Third Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical 
University, Kunming 650118, Yunan Province, China.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Yunnan Cancer Hospital, Kunming 650118, Yunan 
Province, China.
(3)Department of Neurosurgery, Yunnan Cancer Center, Kunming 650118, Yunan 
Province, China.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, The Third Affiliated Hospital of Kunming 
Medical University, Kunming 650118, Yunan Province, China.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Yunnan Cancer Hospital, Kunming 650118, 
Yunan Province, China.
(6)Department of Radiation Oncology, Yunnan Cancer Center, Kunming 650118, Yunan 
Province, China.

Retraction of
    Aging (Albany NY). 2019 Mar 11;11(5):1427-1439. doi: 10.18632/aging.101843.

DOI: 10.18632/aging.204664
PMCID: PMC10120890
PMID: 37055925


185. Georgian Med News. 2023 Feb;(335):22-25.

METATYPICAL BCCS OF THE NOSE TREATED SUCCESSFULLY VIA BILOBED TRANSPOSITION 
FLAP: NITROSAMINES IN ACES (ENALAPRIL), ARBS (LOSARTAN) AS POSSIBLE SKIN CANCER 
KEY TRIGGERING FACTOR.

Tchernev G(1), Kordeva S(2), Lozev I(3).

Author information:
(1)1Onkoderma - Clinic for Dermatology, Venereology and Dermatologic Surgery, 
Sofia, Bulgaria; 2Department of Dermatology and Venereology, Medical Institute 
of Ministry of Interior, Sofia, Bulgaria.
(2)1Onkoderma - Clinic for Dermatology, Venereology and Dermatologic Surgery, 
Sofia, Bulgaria.
(3)2Department of Dermatology and Venereology, Medical Institute of Ministry of 
Interior, Sofia, Bulgaria.

The pathogenesis of keratinocytic skin cancer has been well-studied over the 
years, with a main focus on the influence of UV radiation and the subsequent 
changes in the genome regulator p53, which affects the cell cycle and the 
programmed cell death, apoptosis. Alarming and relatively new trend is the link 
between nitrosamines in blood pressure medications (but not only) and the 
development of both melanocytic and keratinocytic skin tumors. In the recent 
past, high concentrations (above the so-called daily acceptable intake dose) of 
nitrosamines in ACE inhibitors and sartans became the reason for some of these 
medications to be officially withdrawn from the drug market. As of now, and 
according to the lawsuits filed, contamination with even or just one nitrosamine 
could be the cause of lawsuits for between 5 to 10 forms of cancer overall. 
Single case reports, but also large-scale retrospective international studies, 
find a connection between the intake of possibly nitrosamine contaminated ACE 
inhibitors/sartans with the subsequent development of basal cell carcinomas. The 
same studies also found a serious risk of developing melanomas and squamous cell 
carcinomas after taking ACE inhibitors, thiazide diuretics and sartans. This, in 
turn, leads clinicians to ponder the following dilemma: Is it possible that the 
key pathogenetic link concerning the development of skin cancer is due to their 
radically different mechanism of action (ACEs/ARBs/Thiazides)? Or, more likely, 
in all three antihypertensive drug classes, such as sartans, ACE inhibitors, and 
thiazide diuretics, there is another cancer-causing contaminant, the so-called 
nitrosamines? Systemic intake of potentially nitrosamine-contaminated sartans 
and ACE inhibitors would logically lead to the generation of relatively uniform 
skin tumors. Proceeding precisely from this thesis, we present two non-related 
cases of metatypical basal cell carcinomas in the nasal area, which occurred 
during the administration of ACE inhibitors/angiotensin receptor blockers and 
were successfully treated by transpositional reconstructive flap - bilobed flap. 
Possible contamination with nitrosamines as a pathogenetically significant 
factor is discussed.

PMID: 37042583 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


186. Ther Adv Med Oncol. 2023 Apr 3;15:17588359231165586. doi: 
10.1177/17588359231165586. eCollection 2023.

Retraction: Hypo-fractionation radiotherapy normalizes tumor vasculature in 
non-small cell lung cancer xenografts through the p-STAT3/HIF-1 alpha signaling 
pathway.

[No authors listed]

Retraction of
    Ther Adv Med Oncol. 2020 Oct 29;12:1758835920965853. doi: 
10.1177/1758835920965853.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1177/1758835920965853.].

© The Author(s), 2023.

DOI: 10.1177/17588359231165586
PMCID: PMC10074618
PMID: 37034480


187. IEEE Trans Biomed Eng. 2023 Sep;70(9):2645-2654. doi: 10.1109/TBME.2023.3260735. 
Epub 2023 Aug 30.

Needle Aligned Ultrasound Image-Guided Access Through Dual-Segment Array.

Rahaman A, Tang Y, Gao S, Ma X, Sorokin I, Zhang HK.

Ultrasound (US) guided access for percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL) is gaining 
popularity in the urology community as it reduces radiation risk. The most 
popular technique involves manual image-needle alignment. A misaligned needle 
however needs to be retracted and reinserted, resulting in a lengthened 
operation time and complications such as bleeding. These limitations can be 
mitigated through the co-registration between the US array and needle. The 
through-hole array concept provides the primary solution, including a hole at 
the center of the array. Because of the central opening, the image-needle 
alignment is achieved inherently. Previous literature has described applications 
that are limited to superficial and intravascular procedures, suggesting that 
developing a through-hole array for deeper target applications would be a new 
breakthrough.
OBJECTIVE: Here, we present a dual-segment array with a central opening. As the 
prototype development, two segments of 32-element arrays are combined with an 
open space of 10 mm in length in between them.
METHOD: We conducted phantom and ex-vivo studies considering the target depth of 
the 80-100 mm range. The image quality and needle visibility are evaluated by 
comparing the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR), full width at half maximum (FWHM), 
and contrast-to-noise ratio (CNR) results measured with a no-hole linear array 
under equivalent conditions. An ex-vivo study is performed using porcine kidneys 
with ceramic balls embedded to evaluate the needle access accuracy.
RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: The mean needle access error of 20 trials is found to be 
2.94 ±1.09 mm, suggesting its potential impact on realizing a simple and 
intuitive deep US image-guided access.

DOI: 10.1109/TBME.2023.3260735
PMCID: PMC10590177
PMID: 37030673 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


188. Int J Oncol. 2023 May;62(5):60. doi: 10.3892/ijo.2023.5508. Epub 2023 Apr 7.

[Retracted] SIRT3 regulates cell proliferation and apoptosis related to energy 
metabolism in non‑small cell lung cancer cells through deacetylation of NMNAT2.

Li H(1), Feng Z(1), Wu W(1), Li J(1), Zhang J(2), Xia T(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Air Force General Hospital, Beijing 100142, 
P.R. China.
(2)Institute of Infectious Diseases, Beijing Ditan Hospital, Capital Medical 
University, Beijing 100015, P.R. China.

Retraction of
    Int J Oncol. 2013 Nov;43(5):1420-30. doi: 10.3892/ijo.2013.2103.

Following the publication of this paper, it was drawn to the Editor's attention 
by a concerned reader that the control β‑actin western blots shown in Fig. 4C 
were strikingly similar to data appearing in different form in Fig. 9B in a 
previously published paper featuring one author in common; moreover, the 
immunoblotting experiments shown in Figs. 1B and D and 2B appeared to have been 
derived, either wholesale or in part, from data that had already appeared in the 
following publication: Lei Y, Liu H, Yang Y, Wang X, Ren N, Li B, Liu S, 
Cheng J, Fu X and Zhang J: Interaction of LHBs with C53 promotes hepatocyte 
mitotic entry: A novel mechanism for HBV‑induced hepatocellular carcinoma. Oncol 
Rep 29: 151‑159, 2012. Owing to the fact that the contentious data in the above 
article had already been published prior to its submission to International 
Journal of Oncology, and due to a lack of overall confidence in the presented 
data, the Editor has decided that this paper should be retracted from the 
Journal. The authors were asked for an explanation to account for these 
concerns, but the Editorial Office did not receive a reply. The Editor 
apologizes to the readership for any inconvenience caused. [International 
Journal of Oncology 43: 1420‑1430, 2013; DOI: 10.3892/ijo.2013.2103].

DOI: 10.3892/ijo.2023.5508
PMCID: PMC10124711
PMID: 37026521


189. Front Oncol. 2023 Mar 17;13:1062355. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2023.1062355. eCollection 
2023.

BOMB trial: First results of stereotactic radiotherapy to primary breast tumor 
in metastatic breast cancer patients.

Ippolito E(1)(2), Silipigni S(2), Pantano F(3)(4), Matteucci P(2), Carrafiello 
S(2), Marrocco M(5), Alaimo R(2), Palumbo V(2), Fiore M(1)(2), Orsaria P(6)(7), 
D'Angelillo RM(8), Altomare V(6)(7), Tonini G(3)(4), Ramella S(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology (Medicine and Surgery), Università Campus 
Bio-Medico di Roma, Rome, Italy.
(2)Radiation Oncology, Fondazione Policlinico Universitario Campus Bio-Medico, 
Rome, Italy.
(3)Department of Medical Oncology (Medicine and Surgery), Università Campus 
Bio-Medico di Roma, Rome, Italy.
(4)Medical Oncology, Fondazione Policlinico Universitario Campus Bio-Medico, 
Rome, Italy.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Azienda Sanitaria Locale (ASL) Frosinone, 
Hospital of Sora, Sora, Italy.
(6)Department of Breast Surgery (Medicine and Surgery), Università Campus 
Bio-Medico di Roma, Rome, Italy.
(7)Breast Surgery, Fondazione Policlinico Universitario Campus Bio-Medico, Rome, 
Italy.
(8)Radiation Oncology, Department of Biomedicine and Prevention University of 
Rome "Tor Vergata", Rome, Italy.

AIM: A prospective dose escalation trial was developed to evaluate the maximum 
tolerated dose of stereotactic body radiotherapy (SABRT) to primary breast 
cancer in stage IV disease. The aim of the present report was to describe safety 
and outcome of the first dose level cohort of patients.
MATERIAL AND METHODS: Patients with histologically confirmed diagnosis of 
invasive breast carcinoma (biological immuno-histochemical profile: luminal 
and/or HER2 positive) and distant metastatic disease not progressing after 6 
months of systemic therapy with a tumor CT or 5FDG-PET detectable were deemed 
eligible. The starting dose was 40 Gy in 5 fractions (level 1) because this dose 
proved to be safe in previous dose-escalation trial on adjuvant stereotactic 
body radiotherapy. The maximum dose level was chosen as 45 Gy in 5 fractions. 
Dose limiting toxicity was any grade 3 or worse toxicity according to CTCAE v.4. 
Time-to-event Keyboard (TITE-Keyboard) design (Lin and Yuan, Biostatistics 2019) 
was used to find the maximum tolerated dose (MTD). MTD was the dose of 
radiotherapy associated with a ≤ 20% rate pre-specified treatment-related 
dose-limiting toxicity (DLT).
RESULTS: To date 10 patients have been treated at the starting dose level. 
Median age was 80 years (range 50-89). 7 patients had a luminal disease, while 3 
patients had an HER2 positive disease. No patient suspended ongoing systemic 
treatment. No protocol defined DLTs were observed. Grade 2 skin toxicity 
occurred in 4 patients with diseases located close to or involving the skin. 
Median follow-up was 13 months and all 10 patients were evaluable for response: 
5 achieved a complete response, 3 achieved a partial response and 2 showed a 
stable disease, all with a clinical benefit (resolution of skin retraction, 
bleeding and pain). The mean reduction in the sum of the largest diameters of 
target lesions was of 61.4% (DS=17.0%).
CONCLUSIONS: SABR to primary breast cancer seems feasible and is associated with 
symptoms reduction. Continued accrual to this study is needed to confirm the 
safety and assess the MTD.
CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier NCT05229575.

Copyright © 2023 Ippolito, Silipigni, Pantano, Matteucci, Carrafiello, Marrocco, 
Alaimo, Palumbo, Fiore, Orsaria, D’Angelillo, Altomare, Tonini and Ramella.

DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2023.1062355
PMCID: PMC10064004
PMID: 37007063

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


190. Insights Imaging. 2023 Apr 1;14(1):56. doi: 10.1186/s13244-023-01410-z.

CT appearances and classification of hepatic epithelioid hemangioendothelioma.

Tan H(1), Zhou R(1), Yu H(2), Teng F(3), Si S(1), Liu L(1), Yang S(1), Han D(1), 
Liu X(4).

Author information:
(1)Second Department of Hepatopancreatobiliary Surgery, China-Japan Friendship 
Hospital, 2 Yinghua Dongjie, Hepingli, Beijing, 100029, China.
(2)Department of Radiology, China-Japan Friendship Hospital, Beijing, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, China-Japan Friendship Hospital, Beijing, 
China.
(4)Second Department of Hepatopancreatobiliary Surgery, China-Japan Friendship 
Hospital, 2 Yinghua Dongjie, Hepingli, Beijing, 100029, China. 
liuxiaolei0302@126.com.

BACKGROUND: Hepatic epithelioid hemangioendothelioma (HEH) is extremely rare, 
and CT features have never been analyzed in a large group of patients.
METHODS: A retrospective study was designed to review the contrast-enhanced CT 
images of HEH patients. Intrahepatic lesions were categorized into three types: 
nodular, locally coalescent (coalescent lesion contained in one segment) or 
diffusely coalescent (coalescent lesion occupied more than one segment). CT 
features were compared among lesions of different sizes and patients with 
different lesion types.
RESULTS: A total of 93 HEH patients were included in this study, and 740 lesions 
were analyzed. The results of per-lesion analysis showed that medium lesions 
(2-5 cm) had the highest rate of lollipop sign (16.8%) and target-like 
enhancement (43.1%), while lesions in large group (> 5 cm) had the highest rate 
of capsular retraction (38.8%) and vascular invasion (38.8%). The differences on 
enhancement pattern and the rates of lollipop sign and capsular retraction were 
significant among lesions of different sizes (p < 0.001, respectively). The 
results of per-patient analysis showed that patients in locally coalescent group 
had the highest rates of lollipop sign (74.3%) and target sign (94.3%). All 
patients in diffusely coalescent group had capsular retraction and vascular 
invasion. CT appearances of capsular retraction, lollipop sign, target sign and 
vascular invasion differed significantly among patients with different lesion 
types (p < 0.001, p = 0.005, p = 0.006 and p < 0.001, respectively).
CONCLUSION: CT features variated among HEH patients with different lesion types, 
and radiological appearances of HEH should be classified into nodular type, 
locally coalescent type and diffusely coalescent type.

© 2023. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1186/s13244-023-01410-z
PMCID: PMC10067783
PMID: 37005950

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interest.


191. Cancer Manag Res. 2023 Mar 24;15:319-320. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S412641. eCollection 
2023.

Osthole Sensitizes with Radiotherapy to Suppress Tumorigenesis of Human 
Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma in vitro and in vivo [Retraction].

[No authors listed]

Retraction of
    Cancer Manag Res. 2018 Nov 08;10:5471-5477. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S182798.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.2147/CMAR.S182798.].

© 2023 Dove Medical Press.

DOI: 10.2147/CMAR.S412641
PMCID: PMC10046183
PMID: 36998312


192. Phys Med Biol. 2023 Apr 7;68(8):085013. doi: 10.1088/1361-6560/acc77d.

Benefits of using removable filters in dual-layer flat panel detectors.

Cai EY(1), De Caro C(1), Treb K(1), Li K(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Physics, School of Medicine and Public Health, 
University of Wisconsin-Madison, 1111 Highland Avenue, Madison, WI 53705, United 
States of America.
(2)Department of Radiology, School of Medicine and Public Health, University of 
Wisconsin-Madison, 600 Highland Avenue, Madison, WI 53792, United States of 
America.

Objective.Existing dual-layer flat panel detectors (DL-FPDs) use a thin 
scintillator layer to preferentially detect low-energy x-rays, followed by a 
permanent Cu filter to absorb residual low-energy x-rays, and finally, a thicker 
scintillator layer to preferentially detect high-energy x-rays. The image 
outputs of the two scintillator layers can be jointly processed for dual-energy 
(DE) planar and cone-beam CT imaging. In clinical practice, a given FPD is often 
used for not only DE imaging but also routine single-energy (SE) imaging. With 
the permanent Cu layer, the total x-ray absorption is unsatisfactory for SE 
imaging since more than 30% of x-rays can be lost in the Cu layer. The purpose 
of this work was to demonstrate the benefits of using a removable filter 
material in DL-FPDs for SE and DE imaging applications.Approach.The proposed 
detector contains a removable filter between the two scintillator layers. The 
filter can be either a chamber filled with a liquid high-Zeffmaterial or a 
removable solid filter. When DE imaging is not clinically indicated, the DL-FPD 
can switch to a high-efficiency SE imaging mode by retracting the filter from 
the inter-scintillator space. For commonly available filter materials (iodine, 
gadolinium, and Cu), their optimal area densities were theoretically calculated 
for both water-bone decomposition and water-iodine decomposition DE imaging 
tasks. Preliminary experimental studies were also performed to compare the SE 
performance of the proposed DL-FPD with the existing DL-FPD with the permanent 
Cu filter and study the stability of the liquid filter on a rotating gantry.Main 
results.The optimal filter material was found to be an iodine solution 
(approximately 375 mg cm-2). With this liquid filter in place, the proposed 
DL-FPD has equivalent or better DE imaging performance compared with the 
existing DL-FPD with the Cu filter. When the filter is removed from the 
inter-scintillator space for SE imaging, the total x-ray absorption efficiency 
of the proposed DL-FPD ranges from 73% (100 kVp) to 54% (140 kVp), compared with 
51% (100 kVp) to 41% (140 kVp) for the existing DL-FPD with a permanent 1 mm Cu 
filter.Significance.The removable filter provides a boost to the total x-ray 
absorption efficiency of DL-FPDs for SE imaging without compromising DE imaging. 
This can facilitate the adoption of DL-FPDs in clinical x-ray imaging systems 
that usually perform more SE imaging procedures than DE imaging series.

Creative Commons Attribution license.

DOI: 10.1088/1361-6560/acc77d
PMCID: PMC10161355
PMID: 36963117 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


193. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Rep. 2023 Mar 22;13(1):4712. doi: 10.1038/s41598-023-31853-9.

Biological interactions between micro swimmers and cross fluid with inclined MHD 
effects in a complex wavy canal.

Ayub A(1)(2), Shah SZH(1), Asjad MI(3), Almusawa MY(4), Eldin SM(5), El-Rahman 
MA(6)(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Mathematics and Statistics, Hazara University, Manshera, 
Pakistan.
(2)Department of Mathematics, Government College Mansehra, Mansehra, 21300, 
Pakistan.
(3)Department of Mathematics, University of Management and Technology, Lahore, 
Pakistan. Imran.asjad@umt.edu.pk.
(4)Department of Mathematics, Faculty of Science, Jazan University, Jazan, 
45142, Saudi Arabia.
(5)Center of Research, Faculty of Engineering and Technology, Future University 
in Egypt, New Cairo, 11835, Egypt.
(6)Department of Physics, College of Science, King Khalid University, Abha, 
61413, Saudi Arabia.
(7)Department of Radiation Physics, National Centre of Radiation Research and 
Technology (NCRRT), Atomic Energy Authority, Cairo, 11787, Egypt.

Retraction in
    Sci Rep. 2024 Jul 10;14(1):15955. doi: 10.1038/s41598-024-66666-x.

The significance of studying biological interactions of micro swimmers in a 
complex wavy canal with MHD effects lies in its potential to provide insight 
into the behavior and dynamics of microorganisms in natural environments that 
contain complex fluid flow and magnetic fields. Current investigation explores 
the biological interactions between micro swimmers and Cross fluid with inclined 
MHD effects in a complex wavy canal. There are several factors of medium for 
micro swimmers like nature, magnetic field, liquid rheology and position. These 
interactions are hereby witnessed by utilizing the Cross fluid along with Taylor 
swimming sheet model under the influence of porous and inclined magnetic effect. 
Furthermore, two-dimensional complex wavy cervical canal is being utilized at 
inclined angle. By help of lubrication assumption, reduction of momentum 
equation is made and hence fourth-order differential equation associated with 
boundary conditions is obtained. Bvp4c command in Matlab is utilized for this 
boundary value problem. Obtained bvp4c solution is verified with finite 
difference method and found smooth agreement. Magnetic force enhances the 
swimming speed and reduction is seen for the power dissipation and effective 
role is seen for swimming motion with cross fluid rheology. The channel walls 
(peristaltic nature) and porous medium can be utilized as alternative factors to 
control the speed of the propeller.

© 2023. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-023-31853-9
PMCID: PMC10033656
PMID: 36949228 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


194. Drug Des Devel Ther. 2023 Mar 13;17:807-808. doi: 10.2147/DDDT.S411775. 
eCollection 2023.

Evaluation of Natural Bioactive-Derived Punicalagin Niosomes in Skin-Aging 
Processes Accelerated by Oxidant and Ultraviolet Radiation [Retraction].

[No authors listed]

Retraction of
    Drug Des Devel Ther. 2021 Jul 17;15:3151-3162. doi: 10.2147/DDDT.S316247.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.2147/DDDT.S316247.].

© 2023 Dove Medical Press.

DOI: 10.2147/DDDT.S411775
PMCID: PMC10022443
PMID: 36936521


195. Acta Dermatovenerol Croat. 2022 Dec;30(4):263-264.

Mammary Paget's Disease Presenting as an Annular Plaque.

Matsumoto C, Niiyama S(1), Nagata T, Oharaseki T, Fukuda H.

Author information:
(1)Shiro Niiyama, MD, PhD Department of Dermatology, Toho University Ohashi 
Medical Center Ohashi, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan sniiyama@aol.com.

Dear Editor,Mammary Paget's disease (MPD) is an adenocarcinoma localized within 
the epidermis of the nipple and/or the areola of the breast, and it is as a rule 
associated with a carcinoma of the underlying lactiferous ducts, where it 
usually starts. MPD is relatively rare, observed in 0.7-4.3% of all breast 
cancers (1). We present a patient with MPD and atypical clinical finding as an 
annular plaque. A 74-year-old Japanese woman with a past medical history of 
hypothyroidism presented with a 6-month history of an itching plaque on the left 
areola. The patient had been treated with the application of topical steroids 
for a duration of approximately 5 months, and showed no clinical improvement. 
Physical examination showed a pink plaque encircling the nipple on the left 
areola (Figure 1, a). The right nipple and areola appeared normal (Figure 1, b). 
No palpable masses were detected within either breast. A 3.5 mm punch biopsy of 
the skin at the 6 o'clock position of the left areola was performed. 
Histological examination showed single and small aggregations of atypical cells 
with large hyperchromatic nuclei and pale-staining, ample cytoplasm throughout 
the epidermis. There was a lymphocytic infiltration in the dermis (Figure 1, c). 
Immunohistochemical studies were positive for CK7 and negative for S-100 and 
HMB45. With the diagnosis of MPD, the patient underwent a partial mastectomy of 
the left breast center area, consisting of surgical excision of the left nipple, 
the adjacent surrounding areolar skin, and subcutaneous tissues. Subsequently, 
radiation therapy for the residual breast was prepared. As has been described in 
detail by Kanitakis, the skin lesion develops insidiously as a scaly, fissured, 
or oozing erythema of the nipple and, more rarely, the areola. Advanced lesions 
present as a well-demarcated, round, ovoid, or polycyclic eczema-like plaque 
with a pink or red hue. It is occasionally slightly infiltrated and has an 
erosive, oozing, scaly, or crusted surface. The lesions are almost invariably 
unilateral, showing centrifugal spread. Retraction or ulceration of the nipple 
are often noted (1). The present case exhibited a very rare clinical finding of 
a plaque encircling the nipple, which has not been reported previously. It was 
initially difficult to establish the diagnosis of MPD, and biopsy was needed to 
obtain a definitive diagnosis. Differential diagnosis of MPD comprises eczema as 
atopic dermatitis or contact dermatitis, erosive adenomatosis, and malignant 
skin condition such as Bowen's disease, superficial basal cell carcinoma, or 
superficially spreading melanoma. As in the present case, individuals presenting 
with an annular plaque are often considered to have sebaceous hyperplasia. 
Sebaceous hyperplasia is a common, benign skin condition involving hypertrophy 
of the sebaceous glands, common in middle-aged or older adults (2). These 
lesions can be single or multiple and manifest as yellow, soft, small papules. 
These papules are occasionally seen around the nipple, forming an annular 
plaque. In general, sebaceous hyperplasia is described as yellow-colored papules 
among Caucasians. However, caution is needed, since it is characterized by 
skin-colored papules among some Asians.In the present case, some pigmentation (2 
to 3 mm in diameter) was observed on the left nipple. Pigmented MPD have been 
reported, and the mechanism underlying the pigmentation is not yet fully 
understood, but it has been proposed that Paget cells may release melanocytic 
chemoattractants or basic fibroblast growth factors that stimulate the 
proliferation of melanocytes within the tumor nests (3). The possibility of 
physiological pigmentation cannot be ruled out in the present case; on the other 
hand, the possibility of pigmented MPD cannot be ruled out either, since no 
pigmentation was observed on the right nipple.

PMID: 36919395 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


196. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Nat Commun. 2023 Mar 13;14(1):1390. doi: 10.1038/s41467-023-37096-6.

Polymerase θ inhibition activates the cGAS-STING pathway and cooperates with 
immune checkpoint blockade in models of BRCA-deficient cancer.

Patterson-Fortin J(1)(2), Jadhav H(1), Pantelidou C(1)(3), Phan T(4), Grochala 
C(4)(5), Mehta AK(6)(7), Guerriero JL(6), Wulf GM(8), Wolpin BM(1)(2)(9), 
Stanger BZ(10), Aguirre AJ(1)(2)(9), Cleary JM(1)(2)(9), D'Andrea AD(4)(11), 
Shapiro GI(12)(13)(14).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, 
02215, USA.
(2)Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical 
School, Boston, MA, 02115, USA.
(3)Bayer Pharmaceuticals, Cambridge, MA, USA.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Harvard 
Medical School, Boston, MA, 02215, USA.
(5)Arpeggio, Boulder, CO, USA.
(6)Department of Surgical Oncology and Harvard Medical School, Brigham and 
Women's Hospital, Boston, MA, 02115, USA.
(7)Sanofi, Cambridge, MA, USA.
(8)Department of Medicine, Division of Hematology-Oncology, Beth Israel 
Deaconess Medical Center and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, 02215, USA.
(9)Hale Family Center for Pancreatic Cancer Research, Dana-Farber Cancer 
Institute, Boston, MA, 02215, USA.
(10)Department of Medicine, Division of Gastroenterology, Abramson Family Cancer 
Research Institute, University of Pennsylvania Perelman School of Medicine, 
Philadelphia, PA, 19104, USA.
(11)Center for DNA Damage and Repair, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, 
02215, USA.
(12)Department of Medical Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, 
02215, USA. geoffrey_shapiro@dfci.harvard.edu.
(13)Department of Medicine, Brigham and Women's Hospital and Harvard Medical 
School, Boston, MA, 02115, USA. geoffrey_shapiro@dfci.harvard.edu.
(14)Center for DNA Damage and Repair, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Boston, MA, 
02215, USA. geoffrey_shapiro@dfci.harvard.edu.

Retraction in
    Nat Commun. 2023 Dec 11;14(1):8193. doi: 10.1038/s41467-023-43803-0.

Recently developed inhibitors of polymerase theta (POLθ) have demonstrated 
synthetic lethality in BRCA-deficient tumor models. To examine the contribution 
of the immune microenvironment to antitumor efficacy, we characterized the 
effects of POLθ inhibition in immunocompetent models of BRCA1-deficient 
triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) or BRCA2-deficient pancreatic ductal 
adenocarcinoma (PDAC). We demonstrate that genetic POLQ depletion or 
pharmacological POLθ inhibition induces both innate and adaptive immune 
responses in these models. POLθ inhibition resulted in increased micronuclei, 
cGAS/STING pathway activation, type I interferon gene expression, CD8+ T cell 
infiltration and activation, local paracrine activation of dendritic cells and 
upregulation of PD-L1 expression. Depletion of CD8+ T cells compromised the 
efficacy of POLθ inhibition, whereas antitumor effects were augmented in 
combination with anti-PD-1 immunotherapy. Collectively, our findings demonstrate 
that POLθ inhibition induces immune responses in a cGAS/STING-dependent manner 
and provide a rationale for combining POLθ inhibition with immune checkpoint 
blockade for the treatment of HR-deficient cancers.

© 2023. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1038/s41467-023-37096-6
PMCID: PMC10011609
PMID: 36914658 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: J.L.G. is a consultant for Glaxo-Smith Kline 
(GSK), Codagenix, Verseau Therapeutics, Kymera, Kowa, Duke Street Bio., and 
Array BioPharma and receives sponsored research support from GSK, Array 
BioPharma, Merck and Eli Lilly. G.M.W. reports research funding from Merck & Co, 
institutional funding from Glaxo Smith Kline and Genentech, and US patent 
20090258352, “A1 Pin1 as a marker for abnormal l cell growth,” licensed to Cell 
Signaling and R&D Systems. B.M.W. receives Research support from Celgene, Eli 
Lilly, Novartis, and Revolution Medicine; Consulting for Celgene, GRAIL, and 
Mirati. A.J.A. has consulted for Oncorus, Inc., Arrakis Therapeutics, Syros 
Pharmaceuticals, Boehringer Ingelheim, T-knife Therapeutics, AstraZeneca, Mirati 
Therapeutics, Revolution Medicines, Anji Pharmaceuticals, and Merck & Co., Inc. 
A.J.A. consults for and holds equity in Riva Therapeutics. A.J.A. has research 
funding from Mirati Therapeutics, Syros Pharmaceuticals, Bristol Myers Squibb, 
Revolution Medicines, Novartis, Novo Ventures and Deerfield, Inc. J.M.C. 
receives research funding to his institution from Merus, Roche, and Bristol 
Myers Squibb. He receives research support from Merck, AstraZeneca, Esperas 
Pharma, Bayer, Tesaro, Arcus Biosciences, and Apexigen; he received honoraria 
for being on advisory boards of Syros Pharmaceuticals, Incyte, and Blueprint 
Medicines. A.D.D. reports consulting for AstraZeneca, Bayer AG, 
Blacksmith/Lightstone Ventures, Bristol Myers Squibb, Cyteir Therapeutics, EMD 
Serono, Impact Therapeutics, PrimeFour Therapeutics, Pfizer, Tango Therapeutics, 
and Zentalis Pharmaceuticals/Zeno Management; is an Advisory Board member for 
Cyteir, and Impact Therapeutics; stockholder in Cedilla Therapeutics, Cyteir, 
Impact Therapeutics, and PrimeFour Therapeutics; and reports receiving 
commercial research grants from Bristol Myers Squibb, EMD Serono, Moderna, and 
Tango Therapeutics. G.I.S. has received research funding from Eli Lilly, Merck 
KGaA/EMD-Serono, Merck & Co., and Pfizer. He has served on advisory boards for 
Pfizer, Eli Lilly, Merck KGaA/EMD-Serono, Bicycle Therapeutics, Fusion 
Pharmaceuticals, Cybrexa Therapeutics, Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim, ImmunoMet, 
Artios, Atrin, Concarlo Holdings, Syros, Zentalis, CytomX Therapeutics, 
Blueprint Medicines, Kymera Therapeutics, Janssen and Xinthera. In addition, he 
holds a patent entitled, “Dosage regimen for sapacitabine and seliciclib,” also 
issued to Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, and a pending patent, entitled, 
“Compositions and Methods for Predicting Response and Resistance to CDK4/6 
Inhibition,” together with Liam Cornell. The remaining authors declare no 
competing interests.


197. Ann Plast Surg. 2023 Apr 1;90(4):313-318. doi: 10.1097/SAP.0000000000003508. 
Epub 2023 Feb 24.

Posterior Cranial Retraction Combined With Bilateral Parietal Distraction for 
Children With Nonsyndromic Craniosynostosis.

Shen W(1), Ji Y, Cui J, Chen J, Kong L.

Author information:
(1)From the Department of Plastic Surgery, Children's Hospital of Nanjing 
Medical University, Nanjing, China.

BACKGROUND: The nonsyndromic craniosynostosis is the most common of 
craniosynostoses in childhood. There are many treatments. We aim to treat 12 
cases of nonsyndromic craniosynostosis via posterior cranial vault distraction 
osteogenesis combined with bilateral parietal distraction.
METHODS: Data of a total of 12 patients (7 boys and 5 girls) with nonsyndromic 
sagittal synostosis who underwent distraction osteogenesis between January 2015 
and August 2020 were retrospectively analyzed. Bilateral parietal bone flaps and 
posterior occipital flaps were designed and cut. Then, distraction device was 
placed, which was distracted at 5 days after surgery (twice per day, 0.4-0.6 
mm/d, and lasting for 10-15 days). After 6 months of fixation, the secondary 
surgery was performed to remove the device.
RESULTS: The scaphocephaly was corrected, and the appearance was satisfactory. 
Postoperative follow-up time was 6 to 14 months, with an average of 10 months, 
and the mean CI was 63.2 and 78.25 before and after surgery, respectively; the 
mean anterior-posterior skull diameter was shortened (12.63 ± 3.47) mm, the 
transverse diameter of both temporal regions was lengthened (15.4 ± 4.18) mm, 
and the scaphocephalic deformity was significantly improved. There was no 
detachment or rupture of the extender postoperatively. No severe complications, 
such as radiation necrosis or intracranial infection, were observed.
CONCLUSION: Posterior cranial retraction combined with bilateral parietal 
distraction in children with nonsyndromic craniosynostosis, in which the 
proposed technique did not exhibit severe complications, and it is worthy of 
further promotion and application in clinical practice.

Copyright © 2023 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1097/SAP.0000000000003508
PMID: 36880716 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of interest and sources of funding: 
none declared.


198. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Front Oncol. 2023 Feb 17;13:1095362. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2023.1095362. eCollection 
2023.

The efficacy and adverse effects of anlotinib in the treatment of high-grade 
glioma: A retrospective analysis.

Shen F(1), Li J(1), Liu F(1), Sun N(1), Qiu X(1), Ding W(1), Sun X(1).

Author information:
(1)Radiotherapy Department, Nanjing JinLing Hospital, Xuanwu District, Nanjing, 
Jiangsu, China.

Retraction in
    Front Oncol. 2024 Feb 20;14:1383410. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2024.1383410.

INTRODUCTION: Anlotinib, a novel multi-kinase inhibitor, was found to improve 
progression-free survival (PFS) in brain metastases.
METHODS: This paper retrospectively analyzed 26 newly diagnosed or recurrent 
high-grade gliomas from 2017 to 2022, and the patients received oral anlotinib 
during concurrent postoperative chemoradiotherapy or after recurrence. Efficacy 
was evaluated according to the Response Assessment in Neuro-Oncology (RANO) 
criteria, and the main study endpoints were PFS at 6 months and overall survival 
(OS) at 1 year.
RESULTS: After the follow-up, until May 2022, 13 patients survived and 13 
patients died, with a median follow-up time of 25.6 months. The disease control 
rate (DCR) was 96.2% (25/26), and the overall response rate (ORR) rate was 73.1% 
(19/26). The median PFS after oral anlotinib was 8.9 months (0.8-15.1), and the 
PFS at 6 months was 72.5%. The median OS after oral anlotinib was 12 months 
(1.6-24.4), and the OS at 12 months was 42.6%. Anlotinib-related toxicities were 
observed in 11 patients, mostly grades 1-2. In the multivariate analysis, 
patients with Karnofsky Performance Scale (KPS) above 80 had a highermedian PFS 
of 9.9months (p = 0.02), and their sex, age, IDH mutation, MGMTmethylation, and 
whether anlotinib was combined with chemoradiotherapy or maintenance treatment 
had no effect on PFS.
CONCLUSION: We found that anlotinib combined with chemoradiotherapy in treating 
high-grade central nervous system (CNS) tumors can prolong PFS and OS and that 
it was safe.

Copyright © 2023 Shen, Li, Liu, Sun, Qiu, Ding and Sun.

DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2023.1095362
PMCID: PMC9982121
PMID: 36874124

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as potential conflicts of interest.


199. Cells. 2023 Feb 8;12(4):540. doi: 10.3390/cells12040540.

Infrared Laser Effects on Cell Projection Depend on Irradiation Intermittence 
and Cell Activity.

Medina-Villalobos N(1), Avila R(2), Marsal M(3), Andilla J(3), Loza-Álvarez 
P(3), Ojeda-Ramírez MM(4), Tamariz E(1).

Author information:
(1)Instituto de Ciencias de la Salud, Universidad Veracruzana, Xalapa 91190, 
Veracruz, Mexico.
(2)Centro de Física Aplicada y Tecnología Avanzada, Universidad Nacional 
Autónoma de México (UNAM), A.P. 1-1010, Juriquilla 76000, Querétaro, Mexico.
(3)ICFO-Institut de Ciencies Fotoniques, The Barcelona Institute of Science and 
Technology, 08860 Castelldefels, Barcelona, Spain.
(4)Facultad de Estadística e Informática, Universidad Veracruzana, Xalapa 91190, 
Veracruz, Mexico.

Highly focused near-infrared (NIR) lasers have been used to induce fibroblast 
and neuron protrusions in a technique called optical guidance. However, little 
is known about the biochemical and biophysical effects that the laser provokes 
in the cell and optimal protocols of stimulation have not yet been established. 
Using intermittent NIR laser radiation and multivariate time series 
representations of cell leading edge movement, we analyzed the direction and 
velocity of cell protrusions. We found that the orientation and advance of PC12 
neuron phenotype cells and 3T3 fibroblasts protrusions remain after the laser is 
turned off, but the observed increase in velocity stops when radiation ceases. 
For an increase in the speed and distance of cell protrusions by NIR laser 
irradiation, the cell leading edge needs to be advancing prior to the 
stimulation, and NIR irradiation does not enable the cell to switch between 
retracting and advancing states. Using timelapse imaging of actin-GFP, we 
observed that NIR irradiation induces a faster recruitment of actin, promoting 
filament formation at the induced cell protrusions. These results provide fresh 
evidence to understand the phenomenon of the optical guidance of cell 
protrusions.

DOI: 10.3390/cells12040540
PMCID: PMC9954793
PMID: 36831208 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


200. Biomedicines. 2023 Jan 22;11(2):312. doi: 10.3390/biomedicines11020312.

Graves' Eye Disease: Clinical and Radiological Diagnosis.

Hutchings KR(1), Fritzhand SJ(1), Esmaeli B(2), Koka K(2)(3), Zhao J(2), Ahmed 
S(1), Debnam JM(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neuroradiology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA.
(2)Orbital Oncology & Ophthalmic Plastic Surgery, Department of Plastic Surgery, 
The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA.
(3)Orbit, Oculoplasty, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Services, Sankara 
Nethralaya, Chennai 600006, India.

Graves' disease is an autoimmune disorder in which hyperthyroidism results in 
various systematic symptoms, with about 30% of patients presenting with Graves' 
eye disease (GED). The majority of patients with GED develop mild symptoms, 
including eyelid retraction, exposure of the globe, superior rectus-levator 
muscle complex inflammation, and fat expansion, leading to exophthalmos. More 
severe cases can result in extraocular muscle enlargement, restricted ocular 
movement, eyelid and conjunctival edema, and compression of the optic nerve 
leading to compressive optic neuropathy (CON). GED severity can be classified 
using the Clinical Activity Score, European Group on Graves' Orbitopathy scale, 
NO SPECS Classification system, and VISA system. CT and MRI aid in the diagnosis 
of GED through the demonstration of orbital pathology. Several recent studies 
have shown that MRI findings correlate with disease severity and can be used to 
evaluate CON. Mild cases of GED can be self-limiting, and patients often recover 
spontaneously within 2-5 years. When medical treatment is required, 
immunomodulators or radiotherapy can be used to limit immunologic damage. 
Surgery may be needed to improve patient comfort, preserve the orbit, and 
prevent vision loss from optic nerve compression or breakdown of the cornea.

DOI: 10.3390/biomedicines11020312
PMCID: PMC9953404
PMID: 36830848

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


201. Sleep. 2023 Nov 8;46(11):zsad039. doi: 10.1093/sleep/zsad039.

Microglial voltage-dependent anion channel 1 signaling modulates sleep 
deprivation-induced transition to chronic postsurgical pain.

Wei SN(1)(2), Zhang H(2), Lu Y(3), Yu HJ(4), Ma T(2), Wang SN(4), Yang K(1), 
Tian ML(5), Huang AH(3), Wang W(2), Li FS(4), Li YW(6).

Author information:
(1)The Postgraduate Training Base of Jinzhou Medical University, Beijing, China.
(2)Department of Anesthesiology, The PLA Rocket Force Characteristic Medical 
Center, Beijing, China.
(3)Department of Neurology, The PLA Rocket Force Characteristic Medical Center, 
Beijing, China.
(4)Department of Nuclear Radiation Injury and Monitoring, The PLA Rocket Force 
Characteristic Medical Center, Beijing, China.
(5)Department of Anesthesiology, Changzheng Hospital Affiliate to the Naval 
Medical University, Shanghai, China.
(6)Department of Anesthesiology, The Third people's Hospital of Longgang 
District, Shenzhen, China.

STUDY OBJECTIVES: This study verified that sleep deprivation before and after 
skin/muscle incision and retraction (SMIR) surgery increased the risk of chronic 
pain and investigated the underlying roles of microglial voltage-dependent anion 
channel 1 (VDAC1) signaling.
METHODS: Adult mice received 6 hours of total sleep deprivation from 1 day prior 
to SMIR until the third day after surgery. Mechanical and heat-evoked pain was 
assessed before and within 21 days after surgery. Microglial activation and 
changes in VDAC1 expression and oligomerization were measured. Minocycline was 
injected to observe the effects of inhibiting microglial activation on pain 
maintenance. The VDAC1 inhibitor 4,4'-diisothiocyanostilbene-2,2'-disulfonic 
acid (DIDS) and oligomerization inhibitor VBIT-4 were used to determine the 
roles of VDAC1 signaling on microglial adenosine 5' triphosphate (ATP) release, 
inflammation (IL-1β and CCL2), and chronicity of pain.
RESULTS: Sleep deprivation significantly increased the pain duration after SMIR 
surgery, activated microglia, and enhanced VDAC1 signaling in the spinal cord. 
Minocycline inhibited microglial activation and alleviated sleep 
deprivation-induced pain maintenance. Lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced 
microglial activation was accompanied by increased VDAC1 expression and 
oligomerization, and more VDAC1 was observed on the cell membrane surface 
compared with control. DIDS and VBIT-4 rescued LPS-induced microglial ATP 
release and IL-1β and CCL2 expression. DIDS and VBIT-4 reversed sleep 
loss-induced microglial activation and pain chronicity in mice, similar to the 
effects of minocycline. No synergistic effects were found for minocycline plus 
VBIT-4 or DIDS.
CONCLUSIONS: Perioperative sleep deprivation activated spinal microglia and 
increases the risk of chronic postsurgical pain in mice. VDAC1 signaling 
regulates microglial activation-related ATP release, inflammation, and 
chronicity of pain.

© The Author(s) 2023. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of Sleep 
Research Society. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: 
journals.permissions@oup.com.

DOI: 10.1093/sleep/zsad039
PMID: 36827092 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


202. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Dis Markers. 2023 Feb 11;2023:6251492. doi: 10.1155/2023/6251492. eCollection 
2023.

The Perspectives of Surrogates and Healthcare Providers Regarding SDM (Shared 
Decision-Making).

Lu Q(1), Ji J(2), Lu X(1), Yin Q(1), Yang Y(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Intensive Care Unit, The First Affiliated Hospital of Soochow 
University, Suzhou, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Soochow 
University, Suzhou, China.
(3)Nursing Department, The First Affiliated Hospital of Soochow University, 
Suzhou, China.

Retraction in
    Dis Markers. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9803293. doi: 10.1155/2023/9803293.

The purpose of this paper is to explore the attitudes of surrogacy and medical 
service providers toward SDM and to identify the barriers and promoters of SDM 
in this population. To this end, we conducted a qualitative study of surrogacy 
and medical service providers in the First Affiliated Hospital of Soochow 
University using semistructured interviews. Thirty participants (11 agents, 12 
ICU physicians, and 7 ICU nurses) were interviewed. The three stakeholders 
showed different attitudes toward SDM. They reported barriers to SDM, including 
insufficient cognition of decision-makers, high expectations, negative 
psychological experiences, previous decision-making experiences, excessive 
workload, heavy financial burden, and lack of decision AIDS. They reported 
facilitators of SDM, including trust, effective communication, decision support, 
value clarification, outcome commitment, and continuous service. This study 
explored the different attitudes of the three stakeholders and identified 
various barriers and facilitators of SDM. It highlights the need to develop 
localised decision AIDS and to involve agents and nurses more in the 
decision-making process. Therefore, this paper identifies barriers and 
facilitators of SDM in this population. In addition, the study identified 
various barriers and facilitators to SDM and highlighted the need to develop 
localised decision AIDS and involve agents and nurses more in the 
decision-making process. Finally, the barriers and facilitators of SDM are 
established. The paper also shows that the development of localized decision 
AIDS and greater involvement of agents and nurses in the decision-making process 
are integral to good treatment outcomes.

Copyright © 2023 Qing Lu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/6251492
PMCID: PMC9938785
PMID: 36820102 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


203. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2023 Feb 9;2023:5055869. doi: 10.1155/2023/5055869. eCollection 
2023.

The Efficacy and Safety of Oral Nutrient Solution Supplementation in Patients 
with Esophageal Cancer under Nutritional, Psychological, Physical, and 
Prognostic Survival Differences.

Hao J(1), Shen Z(1).

Author information:
(1)Thoracic Surgery Department, Shanxi Provincial People's Hospital, Taiyuan, 
Shanxi 030012, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2024 Jan 9;2024:9840691. doi: 10.1155/2024/9840691.

Inflammasomes are massive intracellular multiprotein signaling complexes 
produced in the cytosolic compartment. Tumor etiology involves dysregulation of 
NLRP3 inflammasome activation. Current studies are being conducted to ascertain 
the effectiveness and safety of oral nutrient solution supplementation in 
patients with esophageal cancer based on the current understanding of the role 
of the NLRP3 inflammasome in possible cancer promotion and therapy. This study 
examines how oral nutrient solution supplement therapy affects patients 
receiving radiotherapy and chemotherapy for esophageal cancer in terms of 
nutrition, physical composition, quality of life, psychology, prognosis, and 
survival. A total of 120 patients with esophageal cancer admitted to our 
hospital from March 2020 to January 2021 were selected for the current study. 
The selected 120 patients are divided into nutritional supplement and 
traditional groups according to the random number table method, with 60 cases in 
each group. The nutritional supplement group received an oral nutritional 
solution, whereas the conventional group received the ordinary dietary 
intervention. Since radiotherapy can potentially damage healthy tissue with 
short- and long-term negative effects. Inflammatory reactions are a common 
component of adverse effects of early and late ionizing radiation. Oral nutrient 
solution supplement therapy for patients with esophageal cancer after 
radiotherapy and chemotherapy can significantly improve the levels of blood 
nutrients, later physical components, and quality of life of patients.

Copyright © 2023 Juntao Hao and Zengqiang Shen.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/5055869
PMCID: PMC9935872
PMID: 36817857 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declared that they have no conflicts 
of interest regarding this work.


204. Cancer Lett. 2023 Apr 1;558:216061. doi: 10.1016/j.canlet.2023.216061. Epub 2023 
Feb 21.

Retraction notice to "Endogenous production of C-C motif chemokine ligand 2 by 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells drives radioresistance-associated metastasis" 
[Canc. Lett. 468 (2020) 27-40].

Guo SS(1), Liu R(1), Wen YF(2), Liu LT(1), Yuan L(3), Li YX(4), Lie Y(5), Hao 
WW(3), Peng JY(3), Chen DN(3), Tang QN(1), Sun XS(1), Guo L(1), Mo HY(1), Qian 
CN(3), Zeng MS(3), Bei JX(3), Sun SY(6), Chen QY(1), Tang LQ(1), Mai HQ(7).

Author information:
(1)Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in 
South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Guangdong Key 
Laboratory of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Diagnosis and Therapy, 651 Dongfeng Road 
East, Guangzhou, 510060, PR China; Department of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma, Sun 
Yat-sen University Cancer Center, 651 Dongfeng Road East, Guangzhou, 510060, PR 
China.
(2)Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in 
South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Guangdong Key 
Laboratory of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Diagnosis and Therapy, 651 Dongfeng Road 
East, Guangzhou, 510060, PR China; Department of Radiotherapy, Affiliated Cancer 
Hospital & Institute of Guangzhou Medical University, 78 Hengzhigang Road, 
Guangzhou, 510095, PR China.
(3)Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in 
South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Guangdong Key 
Laboratory of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Diagnosis and Therapy, 651 Dongfeng Road 
East, Guangzhou, 510060, PR China.
(4)Key Laboratory of Translational Radiation Oncology, Hunan Cancer Hospital and 
the Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Xiangya School of Medicine, Central South 
University, Changsha, 410013, PR China.
(5)Department of Radiotherapy, Jiangsu Cancer Hospital & Jiangsu Institute of 
Cancer Research & the Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Nanjing Medical University, 
Nanjing, 210009, PR China.
(6)Department of Oral and Maxillofacial-Head Neck Oncology, Shanghai Ninth 
People's Hospital, College of Stomatology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University School 
of Medicine, Shanghai, 200011, PR China.
(7)Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in 
South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Guangdong Key 
Laboratory of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Diagnosis and Therapy, 651 Dongfeng Road 
East, Guangzhou, 510060, PR China; Department of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma, Sun 
Yat-sen University Cancer Center, 651 Dongfeng Road East, Guangzhou, 510060, PR 
China. Electronic address: maihq@sysucc.org.cn.

Retraction of
    Cancer Lett. 2020 Jan 1;468:27-40. doi: 10.1016/j.canlet.2019.10.008.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal 
(https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal). <This 
article has been retracted at the request of the Editor-in-Chief. Following the 
publication of the above article, the Editor was notified by a concerned reader 
that the authors supplied duplicated images. Specifically, overlap in Figs. 1C, 
4A, 4B, 4D, and 5C. These concerns were also reported at PubPeer 
https://pubpeer.com/publications/CAC11E726E1C3E261A1F8BB90FF173. After review, 
the Editor found that duplication did occur and therefore the decision was made 
to retract the article. After re-examination of the entire paper, raw data and 
lab records, the authors have found that "pictures between different experiments 
were carelessly mixed. We want to apologize for all the inconvenience it caused 
to the editorial board, and to all our peers and to all the readers of our 
paper.">.

Copyright © 2023 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.canlet.2023.216061
PMID: 36813649


205. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Chem Neuroanat. 2023 Apr;129:102252. doi: 10.1016/j.jchemneu.2023.102252. Epub 
2023 Feb 15.

Exercise ameliorates hippocampal damage induced by Wi-Fi radiation; a 
biochemical, histological, and immunohistochemical study.

Mohamed AO(1), Hafez SMNA(1), Ibrahim RA(1), Rifaai RA(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Histology and Cell Biology, Faculty of Medicine, Minia 
University, Minia, Egypt.
(2)Department of Histology and Cell Biology, Faculty of Medicine, Minia 
University, Minia, Egypt. Electronic address: rehabrifaai@yahoo.com.

Retraction in
    J Chem Neuroanat. 2024 Sep;139:102433. doi: 10.1016/j.jchemneu.2024.102433.

INTRODUCTION: Nowadays, using electromagnetic devices (EMD) has been increased. 
However, the control of EMD hazards was poorly evaluated, especially those 
affected the hippocampus. Regular physical exercises are safe, easily, 
inexpensive, and acceptable for long-term use. It is reported that exercise 
protects against many health problems.
AIM: is to investigate the hypothesis of the possible prophylactic effect of 
exercise on the hippocampal damage induced by electromagnetic waves of Wi-Fi.
MATERIAL AND METHODS: Adult male albino rats were divided into four groups: 
group I (control), group II (exercise), group III (Wi-Fi), and group IV 
(exercise -Wi-Fi). Hippocampi were subjected to biochemical, histological, and 
immunohistochemical techniques.
RESULTS: In group III, a significant increase in the oxidative enzymes as well 
as decrease in antioxidant enzymes were detected in rat hippocampus. 
Additionally, the hippocampus showed degenerated pyramidal and granular neurons. 
An evident decrease in both PCNA and ZO-1 immunoreactivity was also noticed. In 
group IV, physical exercise alleviates the effect of Wi-Fi on previously 
mentioned parameters.
CONCLUSION: Regular physical exercise performance significantly minimizes the 
hippocampal damage and protects against the hazarders of chronic Wi-Fi radiation 
exposure.

Copyright © 2023 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jchemneu.2023.102252
PMID: 36796735 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest There is no 
conflict of interest.


206. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2023 Feb 6;2023:9477442. doi: 10.1155/2023/9477442. eCollection 
2023.

Treatment Protocols in the Efficacy and Safety of Anti-EGFR Medicines in 
Combination with Standard Therapy for Patients with Nasopharyngeal Cancer: A 
Meta-Analysis.

Fang Y(1), Fan J(1), Yan C(2).

Author information:
(1)Obstetrics Department, Qingdao Municipal Hospital, Qingdao 266071, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Qilu Hospital (Qingdao), Cheeloo College of 
Medicine, Shandong University, 266035, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2023 Oct 4;2023:9830710. doi: 10.1155/2023/9830710.

OBJECTIVE: This study was conducted to compare the efficacy of standard therapy 
(radiotherapy/RT/CT) with that of antiepidermal growth factor receptor 
(anti-EGFR) monoclonal antibody (NPC) therapy in patients with advanced 
nasopharyngeal cancer.
METHODS: A meta-analysis was performed to meet the objective of this study. The 
English databases PubMed, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science were searched. 
The literature review compared anti-EGFR-targeted therapy with conventional 
therapy practices. The main outcome measure was overall survival (OS). Secondary 
goals were progression-free survival (PFS), locoregional recurrence-free 
survival (LRRFS), distant metastasis-free survival (DMFS), and adverse events 
(grade 3).
RESULTS: The database search resulted in 11 studies, with a total of 4219 
participants. It was found that combining an anti-EGFR regimen with conventional 
therapy did not enhance OS (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.18; 
95%confidence interval [CI] = 0.51-2.40; p = 0.70) or PFS appreciably (HR = 
0.95; 95%CI = 0.51-1.48; p = 0.88) in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma. 
While LRRFS increased considerably (HR = 0.70; 95%CI = 0.67-1.00; p = 0.01), the 
combined regimen did not improve DMFS (HR = 0.86; 95%CI = 0.61-1.12; p = 0.36). 
Treatment-related adverse events included haematological toxicity (RR = 0.2; 
95%CI = 0.08-0.45; p = 0.01), cutaneous reactions (RR = 7.05; 95%CI = 
2.15-23.09; p = 0.01), and mucositis (RR = 1.96; 95%CI = 1.58-2.09; p = 0.01).
CONCLUSIONS: Individuals who have nasopharyngeal cancer do not have an increased 
chance of surviving until a local recurrence of their disease if they get normal 
therapy in addition to an anti-EGFR regimen. However, this combination does not 
enhance overall survival. On the other hand, this factor adds to an increase in 
the number of adverse effects.

Copyright © 2023 Yakun Fang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9477442
PMCID: PMC9925253
PMID: 36794258 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


207. Cancers (Basel). 2023 Jan 25;15(3):740. doi: 10.3390/cancers15030740.

Probiotic Bacteria Cannot Mitigate the Adverse Effects of Radioactive Iodine-131 
Treatment.

Mortazavi SMJ(1), Nowroozi S(2), Haghani M(3), Zarrini-Monfared Z(4), Gheisari 
F(5), Sihver L(6)(7).

Author information:
(1)Medical Physics and Engineering Department, School of Medicine, Shiraz 
University of Medical Sciences, Shiraz 71348-14336, Iran.
(2)School of Medicine, Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, Shiraz 
71348-14336, Iran.
(3)Radiology and Radiobiology Department, School of Paramedical Sciences, Shiraz 
University of Medical Sciences, Shiraz 71348-14336, Iran.
(4)Department of Medical Physics & Biomedical Engineering, School of Medicine, 
Tehran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran 19835-178, Iran.
(5)Nuclear Medicine Department, School of Medicine, Shiraz University of Medical 
Sciences, Shiraz 71348-14336, Iran.
(6)Department of Radiation Dosimetry, Nuclear Physics Institute of the CAS, 180 
00 Prague, Czech Republic.
(7)Technische Universität Wien, Atominstitut, 1020 Vienna, Austria.

Thyroid carcinoma is the most common cancer of the endocrine system, accounting 
for 12% of all cancer cases in adolescents in the United States. Radioiodine 
therapy plays a key role in differentiated thyroid cancer (DTC) treatment. This 
double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial was aimed at 
evaluating the effect of probiotics supplementation in reducing the acute 
side-effects of radioiodine therapy in PTC patients. Fifty-six patients were 
randomly divided into four groups: one placebo and three intervention groups. 
The probiotics product used in this study was LactoCare (ZistTakhmir Co., 
Tehran, Iran), a multi-strain commercially available symbiotic containing 12 
strains of probiotic species including Lactobacillus strains, Bifidobacteria 
strains, and Streptococcus thermophilus, plus Fructo-oligosaccharides as the 
prebiotic. Group 0 was our placebo group (no probiotics), while the other three 
groups received probiotics capsules for 2/4 days, starting only 2 days prior to 
radioiodine therapy, only 4 days after radioiodine therapy or 2 days prior and 4 
days after radioiodine therapy. Six patients were withdrawn during the study 
because of poor compliance or at their own request. The symptoms reported by 
patients including data about the incidence and duration of each complication 
were recorded. The probiotics' effectiveness was confirmed for dry mouth and 
taste loss or change when it was administered prior to the radioiodine 
treatment. The benefit was not confirmed for other radiation-induced 
complications such as pain and swelling in the neck, nausea and vomiting, 
salivary gland swelling, and diarrhea. Further large-scale clinical trials are 
warranted to improve our knowledge in this quickly evolving field.

DOI: 10.3390/cancers15030740
PMCID: PMC9913142
PMID: 36765697

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


208. J Healthc Eng. 2023 Jan 25;2023:9759218. doi: 10.1155/2023/9759218. eCollection 
2023.

Retracted: Synergistic Effect of Stereotactic Radiotherapy Combined with 
Karelizumab on Patients with Advanced NSCLC.

Engineering JOH.

Retraction of
    J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 8;2022:7875627. doi: 10.1155/2022/7875627.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/7875627.].

Copyright © 2023 Journal of Healthcare Engineering.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9759218
PMCID: PMC9891812
PMID: 36741865


209. JBJS Essent Surg Tech. 2022 May 25;12(2):e21.00035. doi: 
10.2106/JBJS.ST.21.00035. eCollection 2022 Apr-Jun.

Extensile Anterior and Posterior Knee Exposure for Complete Synovectomy of 
Diffuse Tenosynovial Giant Cell Tumor (Pigmented Villonodular Synovitis).

Lingamfelter M(1), Novaczyk ZB(1), Cheng EY(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, 
Minnesota.

Diffuse tenosynovial giant cell tumor (TGCT), also known as pigmented 
villonodular synovitis, is a benign, neoplastic disease of the synovium that can 
lead to joint destruction, osteoarthritis, and long-term morbidity1,2. Often, 
there is extra-articular involvement in the intercondylar notch and posterior 
soft tissues. A complete anterior and posterior synovectomy of the knee is 
indicated for treating diffuse TGCT when the anterior and posterior compartments 
of the knee joint are involved. Additionally, either an anterior or posterior 
synovectomy may be performed when the TGCT is limited to 1 compartment of the 
knee. Although an anterior synovectomy is relatively straightforward 
technically, a posterior synovectomy is challenging because of the presence of 
the neurovascular and muscular structures, which limit access, and because of 
the infrequency of the procedure.
DESCRIPTION: The surgical technique for open anterior and posterior knee 
synovectomy is performed under 1 anesthetic via separate exposures with the 
patient initially supine and then prone. In cases of focal TGCT, in which both 
the anterior and posterior compartments are involved, either an anterior or 
posterior approach can be utilized in isolation to target the affected 
compartment. The anterior approach is performed via anteromedial parapatellar 
arthrotomy, with care to preserve the meniscal attachments and ligaments. Once 
the suprapatellar pouch is visualized, all tissue deep to the quadriceps muscle 
and tendon, extending around to the femoral periosteum, is excised en bloc. 
Attention is then turned to the undersurface of the patella, fat pad, distal 
aspect of the femur, and proximal aspect of the tibia. The tumor may be embedded 
within the fat pad and must be removed. Any tumor remnants within the medial or 
lateral gutter or beneath the menisci are excised with use of a standard or 
pituitary rongeur or curets. The quadriceps tendon, subcutaneous tissue, and 
skin are closed over a deep drain, and the patient is turned prone and 
re-prepared for the posterior approach. The posterior synovectomy utilizes an 
S-shaped incision either superolateral to inferomedial or superomedial to 
inferolateral, depending on the location of the TGCT. The popliteal artery and 
vein and the tibial and common peroneal nerves are identified, mobilized, and 
protected during retraction. This step requires ligating the geniculate and 
other small branches of the popliteal artery and vein. To expose the posterior 
femoral condyle, the medial and/or lateral heads of the gastrocnemius must be 
tagged and released by dividing the myotendinous origin from the posterior 
aspect of the femur at the proximal extent of the condyle.
ALTERNATIVES: Although surgical resection is the primary treatment for TGCT, 
nonsurgical alternatives include radiation therapy (either external beam or 
radiosynoviorthesis) and the use of pharmacologic agents. Radiation therapy is 
associated with complications such as irreversible skin changes, arthrofibrosis, 
arthritis, osteonecrosis, and radiation-induced sarcoma1,2. Systemic agents such 
as tyrosine kinase inhibitors (e.g., nilotinib and imatinib) or agents targeting 
the CSF-1 (colony-stimulating factor-1) pathway (e.g., pexidartinib and 
emactuzumab) are active against TGCT. The agents are typically employed in 
recurrent, advanced, and unresectable situations in which surgical morbidity 
would outweigh the therapeutic benefit2. Aside from open synovectomy, 
arthroscopic synovectomy-usually anterior-has been utilized by some centers.
RATIONALE: To our knowledge, there is no Level-I study indicating the 
superiority of 1 surgical technique over the other treatments for diffuse TGCT. 
Anterior arthroscopic synovectomy, in isolation, for diffuse TGCT has 
demonstrated recurrence rates as high as 92% to 94%1. Recent studies comparing 
anterior and posterior open and arthroscopic synovectomy have demonstrated mixed 
results, are limited by being retrospective, and are subject to selection bias 
because of the open synovectomy being selected for more extensive disease2,3. 
The mixed results may a result of variation in both tumor size and location 
about the knee joint2. The benefit of an open anterior and posterior synovectomy 
is that it can provide optimal exposure for large and extra-articular tumor 
masses that would not be accessible using an arthroscopic approach and allows 
for complete, gross total excision without morsellization of the tumor. The 
surgeon must be familiar and facile with vascular dissection techniques, even if 
the soft tissues surrounding the vascular structures are preserved as much as 
possible, in an effort to minimize postoperative edema4.
EXPECTED OUTCOMES: Open anterior and posterior synovectomy provides improved 
exposure for large and extra-articular tumor masses and has a 5-year 
recurrence-free survival of 29% to 33%5-7. Pain associated with diffuse TGCT has 
been demonstrated to improve in 59% of cases, with swelling reported to improve 
by 72% in patients following surgical intervention7. No significant difference 
has been reported when comparing open versus arthroscopic synovectomy in terms 
of arthritic progression, with 8% of patients progressing to a total knee 
arthroplasty at a mean follow-up of 40 months3.
IMPORTANT TIPS: Careful preoperative planning is crucial: note all locations of 
posteriorly located tumor on magnetic resonance imaging and in relation to 
anatomic landmarks and neurovascular structures in order to guide dissection.It 
can be advantageous to have multiple blunt retractor options available when 
dissecting in tight spaces.Be prepared for vessel ligation with free ties, 
vessel clips, and additional clamps.The technical ability to dissect and 
mobilize the popliteal vessels is essential, but this step can be tedious.At the 
time of incision, preserve the integrity of the popliteal fascia to facilitate a 
good closure later, as this step avoids the herniation of tissues in the 
popliteal fossa. Because this fascial tissue is fragile, the use of a 
monofilament rather than braided suture in addition to the placement of 
far-near-near-far-type figure-of-8 sutures minimizes the risk of tearing the 
fascia during reapproximation.To ease retraction of the soft tissues, slightly 
flex the knee to relax the hamstring and other muscles and neurovascular 
structures. This will also reduce the risk of a postoperative nerve 
palsy.Although separate instruments for the anterior and posterior portions of 
the procedure are not necessary, separate drapes, gown, and gloves and other 
preoperative preparation should be readied in advance for the second portion of 
the procedure in order to save operative time.
ACRONYMS & ABBREVIATIONS: PVNS = pigmented villonodular synovitisROM = range of 
motionMRI = magnetic resonance imagingGastroc = gastrocnemiusPDS = polydioxanone 
sutureCAM = controlled ankle motionASA = acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin).

Copyright © 2022 by The Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery, Incorporated.

DOI: 10.2106/JBJS.ST.21.00035
PMCID: PMC9889289
PMID: 36741035

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure: The Disclosure of Potential 
Conflicts of Interest forms are provided with the online version of the article 
(http://links.lww.com/JBJSEST/A371).


210. Biomed Pharmacother. 2023 Apr;160:114279. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2023.114279. 
Epub 2023 Jan 31.

Retraction notice to "mPEG-b-P(Glu-co-Phe) nanoparticles increase gastric 
retention time and gastric ulcer treatment efficacy of 20(S)-ginsenoside Rg3" 
[Biomed. Pharmacother. 146 (2022) 112608].

Cao L(1), Wang S(2), Zhang L(3), Li J(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pathology, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, No. 218 
Ziqiang Street, Changchun, Jilin, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, No. 218 
Ziqiang Street, Changchun, Jilin, China.
(3)Department of General Surgery, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, No. 
218 Ziqiang Street, Changchun, Jilin, China.
(4)Department of General Surgery, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, No. 
218 Ziqiang Street, Changchun, Jilin, China. Electronic address: 
jnli@ciac.ac.cn.

Retraction of
    Biomed Pharmacother. 2022 Feb;146:112608. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2021.112608.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biopha.2023.114279
PMID: 36725471


211. Biomed Pharmacother. 2023 Apr;160:114280. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2023.114280. 
Epub 2023 Jan 31.

Retraction notice to "Corrigendum to 'mPEG-b-P(Glu-co-Phe) nanoparticles 
increase gastric retention time and gastric ulcer treatment efficacy of 
20(S)-ginsenoside Rg3' [Biomed. Pharmacother. 146 (2022) 112608]" [Biomed. 
Pharmacother. 152 (2022) 113213].

Cao L(1), Wang S(2), Zhang L(3), Li J(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pathology, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, No. 218 
Ziqiang Street, Changchun, Jilin, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, No. 218 
Ziqiang Street, Changchun, Jilin, China.
(3)Department of General Surgery, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, No. 
218 Ziqiang Street, Changchun, Jilin, China.

Retraction of
    Biomed Pharmacother. 2022 Aug;152:113213. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2022.113213.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biopha.2023.114280
PMID: 36725470


212. JBJS Rev. 2023 Jan 6;11(1). doi: 10.2106/JBJS.RVW.22.00161. eCollection 2023 Jan 
1.

Iatrogenic Nerve Injuries of the Upper Extremity: A Critical Analysis Review.

Crowe CS(1), Shin AY(2), Pulos N(2).

Author information:
(1)Division of Plastic Surgery, Department of Surgery, University of Washington, 
Seattle, Washington.
(2)Division of Hand and Upper Extremity Surgery, Department of Orthopaedics, 
Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota.

»: Iatrogenic nerve injuries may occur after any intervention of the upper 
extremity.
»: Causes of iatrogenic nerve lesions include direct sharp or thermal injury, 
retraction, compression from implants or compartment syndrome, injection, 
patient positioning, radiation, and cast/splint application, among others.
»: Optimal treatment of iatrogenic peripheral nerve lesions relies on early and 
accurate diagnosis.
»: Advanced imaging modalities (e.g., ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging) 
and electrodiagnostic studies aid and assist in preoperative planning.
»: Optimal treatment of iatrogenic injuries is situation-dependent and depends 
on the feasibility of direct repair, grafting, and functional transfers.

Copyright © 2023 by The Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery, Incorporated.

DOI: 10.2106/JBJS.RVW.22.00161
PMID: 36722824 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure: The Disclosure of Potential 
Conflicts of Interest forms are provided with the online version of the article 
(http://links.lww.com/JBJSREV/A897).


213. J Healthc Eng. 2023 Jan 19;2023:9820907. doi: 10.1155/2023/9820907. eCollection 
2023.

Retracted: Efficacy and Safety of Temozolomide Combined with Radiotherapy in the 
Treatment of Malignant Glioma.

Engineering JOH.

Retraction of
    J Healthc Eng. 2022 Feb 15;2022:3477918. doi: 10.1155/2022/3477918.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/3477918.].

Copyright © 2023 Journal of Healthcare Engineering.

DOI: 10.1155/2023/9820907
PMCID: PMC9879671
PMID: 36714411


214. Ann Surg Oncol. 2023 May;30(5):2743-2752. doi: 10.1245/s10434-022-12996-x. Epub 
2023 Jan 27.

Safety and Feasibility of Robot-Assisted Minimally Invasive Esophagectomy 
(RAMIE) with Three-Field Lymphadenectomy and Neoadjuvant Chemoradiotherapy in 
Patients with Resectable Esophageal Cancer and Cervical Lymph Node Metastasis.

van der Horst S(1), Weijs TJ(1), Braunius WW(2), Mook S(3), Mohammed NH(4), 
Brosens L(5), van Rossum PSN(3), Weusten BLAM(6), Ruurda JP(1), van 
Hillegersberg R(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Surgery, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht, The 
Netherlands.
(2)Department of Head and Neck Surgical Oncology, University Medical Center 
Utrecht, Utrecht, The Netherlands.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht, 
The Netherlands.
(4)Department of Medical Oncology, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht, 
The Netherlands.
(5)Department of Pathology, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht, The 
Netherlands.
(6)Department of Gastroenterology and Hepatology, University Medical Center 
Utrecht, Utrecht, The Netherlands.
(7)Department of Surgery, University Medical Center Utrecht, Utrecht, The 
Netherlands. r.vanhillegersberg@umcutrecht.nl.

Comment in
    Ann Surg Oncol. 2023 May;30(5):2753-2754. doi: 10.1245/s10434-023-13137-8.

BACKGROUND: In the West, patients with cervical lymph node metastasis of 
resectable esophageal cancer at diagnosis are generally precluded from curative 
treatment. This study prospectively explored the safety and feasibility of 
neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy followed by robot-assisted minimally invasive 
esophagectomy (RAMIE) with three-field lymphadenectomy for these patients.
METHODS: Between 2015 and 2021, patients with resectable thoracic esophageal 
cancer and cervical lymph node metastasis were recruited nationwide in the 
Netherlands. Patients without interval metastasis following neoadjuvant 
chemoradiotherapy and good physical condition underwent RAMIE with bilateral 
three-field lymphadenectomy. Safety was predefined as ≤50% Clavien-Dindo grade 
≥3b postoperative complications.
RESULTS: Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy was administered to 29 patients (19 (66%) 
adenocarcinoma and 10 (34%) squamous cell carcinoma). After restaging, nine 
(31%) patients were excluded (interval metastasis, clinical deterioration, or 
withdrawn consent). RAMIE was performed in 20 patients (R0-rate 95%). A median 
of 42 [range 21-71] lymph nodes were resected of which 13 [range 2-35] were 
cervical. Only 1 (5%) patient had an unexpected contralateral cervical lymph 
node metastasis. Complications grade ≥3b occurred in 50%. Most frequent 
complications of any grade were recurrent laryngeal nerve palsy (45%) and 
pneumonia (40%). Overall survival at 1 year was 85% and quality of life at 6 
months was comparable to esophageal cancer patients treated with curative 
intent.
CONCLUSIONS: RAMIE with three-field lymphadenectomy following neoadjuvant 
chemoradiotherapy for patients with resectable esophageal cancer presenting with 
cervical lymph node metastasis is feasible in a Western population. Because 
contralateral cervical metastasis is rare, a unilateral neck dissection would 
suffice in the majority of cases.
CLINICAL TRIAL: gov Identifier: NCT02426879. Dutch trial register Identifier: 
NTR 4552.

© 2023. Society of Surgical Oncology.

DOI: 10.1245/s10434-022-12996-x
PMID: 36707482 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


215. Oral Oncol. 2023 Feb;137:106248. doi: 10.1016/j.oraloncology.2022.106248. Epub 
2023 Jan 3.

30-day morbidity and mortality after transoral robotic surgery for human 
papillomavirus (HPV) associated oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma: A 
retrospective analysis of two prospective adjuvant de-escalation trials (MC1273 
& MC1675).

Haller TJ(1), Yin XL(1), O'Byrne TJ(2), Moore EJ(1), Ma DJ(3), Price KP(4), 
Patel SH(5), Hinni ML(6), Neben-Wittich MA(3), McGee LA(7), Price DL(1), Janus 
JR(7), Kasperbauer JK(1), Nagel TH(6), Routman DM(3), Lester SC(3), Rwigema 
JCM(5), Chintakuntlawar AV(4), Savvides PS(8), Garcia JJ(9), Foote RL(3), Van 
Abel KM(10).

Author information:
(1)Mayo Clinic Department of Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery, 200 1st ST. 
SW Gonda Building, 12th floor, Rochester, MN 55905, USA.
(2)Mayo Clinic Department of Quantitative Health Sciences, 200 First St. SW, 
Rochester, MN 55905, USA.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA.
(4)Department of Medical Oncology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Mayo Clinic, Scottsdale, AZ, USA.
(6)Mayo Clinic Department of Otolaryngology, Scottsdale, AZ, USA.
(7)Mayo Clinic Department of Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery, 
Jacksonville, FL, USA.
(8)Department of Medical Oncology, Mayo Clinic, Scottsdale, AZ, USA.
(9)Department of Pathology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN, USA.
(10)Mayo Clinic Department of Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery, 200 1st 
ST. SW Gonda Building, 12th floor, Rochester, MN 55905, USA. Electronic address: 
vanabel.kathryn@mayo.edu.

OBJECTIVE: Dose de-escalation of adjuvant therapy (DART) in patients with 
HPV(+)OPSCC was investigated in two prospective Phase II and III clinical trials 
(MC1273 and MC1675). We report the 30-day morbidity and mortality associated 
with primary TORS resection in patients enrolled in these trials.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Patients with HPV(+)OPSCC, who underwent TORS resection 
between 2013 and 2020 were considered in this analysis. The severity of 
postoperative transoral bleeding was graded using both the Hinni Grade (HG) 
transoral surgery bleeding scale and the Common Terminology for Adverse Events 
(CTCAE) v5.0. Post-surgical complications within 30 days of surgery, as well as 
rates of tracheostomy, PEG and nasogastric tube placement.
RESULTS: 219 patients were included. A total of 7 (3.2 %) patients had a 
tracheostomy placed at the time of surgery, and all were decannulated within 
26 days (median: 5, range: 2-26). There were 33 (15.1 %) returns to the 
emergency department (ED) with 10 (4.6 %) patients requiring readmission. Using 
the HG scale, 10 (4.6 %) patients experienced ≥ Grade 3 bleeding with no Grade 5 
or 6 bleeds. In contrast, using the CTCAE scale, 15 patients (6.8 %) 
experienced ≥ Grade 3 bleeding with no Grade 5 bleeds. There was one 
post-operative death in a patient withdrawn from the trial, and no deaths 
related to hemorrhage.
CONCLUSION AND RELEVANCE: TORS for HPV(+)OPSCC in carefully selected patients at 
a high volume center was associated with low morbidity and mortality.

Copyright © 2022 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.oraloncology.2022.106248
PMID: 36603364 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest The authors 
declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal 
relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this 
paper.


216. EuroIntervention. 2023 Apr 3;18(16):e1339-e1347. doi: 10.4244/EIJ-D-22-00642.

Evaluation of the R-One robotic system for percutaneous coronary intervention: 
the R-EVOLUTION study.

Durand E(1), Sabatier R(2), Smits PC(3), Verheye S(4), Pereira B(5), Fajadet 
J(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cardiology, Normandie Université, UNIROUEN, U1096, CHU Rouen, 
Rouen, France.
(2)Department of Cardiology, Caen University Hospital, Caen, France.
(3)Department of Cardiology, Maasstad Ziekenhuis, Rotterdam, the Netherlands.
(4)Antwerp Cardiovascular Center, ZNA Middelheim, Antwerp, Belgium.
(5)Institut de Chirurgie Cardiaque et de Cardiologie Interventionnelle, 
Luxembourg.
(6)Department of Cardiology, Clinique Pasteur, Toulouse, France.

BACKGROUND: R-One is a robotic percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) system 
(CE mark 2019) designed to reduce operator radiation exposure, improve 
ergonomics, and accurately navigate, position, and deliver guidewires/devices 
during PCI.
AIMS: We aimed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the R-One system for PCI.
METHODS: The European multicentre prospective R-EVOLUTION study included 
patients with a de novo coronary artery stenosis (length <38 mm, reference 
diameter 2.5-4.0 mm) undergoing stent implantation. Patients with recent 
ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction, ostial or left main lesion, 
bifurcation, severe tortuosity, or calcification were excluded. Clinical success 
was defined as the absence of major intraprocedural complications. Technical 
success was defined as the successful advancement and retraction of all PCI 
devices (guidewires/balloon/stents) without total manual conversion. Radiation 
exposure to patients, to a simulated manual operator, and to robotic PCI 
operators was measured.
RESULTS: Sixty-two consecutive patients (B2/C lesions: 25.0% [16/64]) underwent 
robotic PCI. Radial access was used in 96.8% (60/62) of procedures. The mean 
robotic procedure duration was 19.9±9.6 min and the mean fluoroscopy time was 
10.3±5.4 min. Clinical success was 100% with no complications at 30 days. 
Technical success was 95.2% (59/62). Total manual conversion was required in 
4.8% (3/62) cases, with 1 case directly related to the robotic system. Operator 
radiation exposure was reduced by 84.5% under and 77.1% on top of the lead 
apron, compared to doses received on the patient table.
CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that robotic PCI using R-One is safe and 
effective with markedly lower radiation exposure to the operator. Further 
studies are needed to evaluate R-One in larger patient populations with more 
complex lesions. (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT04163393).

DOI: 10.4244/EIJ-D-22-00642
PMCID: PMC10068861
PMID: 36602883 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: R. Sabatier reports compensation from Robocath 
for support for the present manuscript, consulting fees, training workshops, 
expert testimony, and participation on a Data Safety Monitoring Board or 
Advisory Board. E. Durand reports compensation from Robocath for consulting on 
the present manuscript and from Edwards Lifesciences for consulting on grants 
and contracts. The other authors have no conflicts of interest to declare.


217. Int J Oncol. 2023 Feb;62(2):25. doi: 10.3892/ijo.2023.5473. Epub 2023 Jan 5.

[Retracted] Tripartite motif 16 inhibits hepatocellular carcinoma cell migration 
and invasion.

Li L(1), Dong L(2), Qu X(3), Jin S(2), Lv X(4), Tan G(5).

Author information:
(1)The 4th Medical Department of Liaoning Cancer Hospital and Institute, Dadong 
District, Shenyang, Liaoning 110042, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Laparoscopic Surgery, First Affiliated Hospital of Dalian 
Medical University, Shahekou District, Dalian, Liaoning 116001, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Second Neurology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Dalian 
Medical University, Xigang District, Dalian, Liaoning 116000, P.R. China.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, First Affiliated Hospital of Dalian Medical 
University, Shahekou District, Dalian, Liaoning 116001, P.R. China.
(5)Department of Hepatology, First Affiliated Hospital of Dalian Medical 
University, Shahekou District, Dalian, Liaoning 116001, P.R. China.

Retraction of
    Int J Oncol. 2016 Apr;48(4):1639-49. doi: 10.3892/ijo.2016.3398.

Following the publication of this paper, it was drawn to the Editors' attention 
by a concerned reader that various panels showing the western blotting data in 
Figs. 1D, 3A, 6A and C, 9B and 10A, the Transwell migration and invasion assays 
in Fig. 10C, and the H&E staining images from the lung portrayed in Fig. 5B were 
strikingly similar to data largely appearing in different form in other articles 
by different authors from different research institutions. Moreover, the data 
panels showing the Transwell migration and assay experiments in Figs. 3C and D 
and 4C and D showed several overlapping sections, such that the data appeared to 
have been selected from a small number of original sources to represent 
differently performed experiments. Owing to the fact that the contentious data 
in the above article had already been published prior to its submission to 
International Journal of Oncology, the Editor has decided that this paper should 
be retracted from the Journal. The authors were asked for an explanation to 
account for these concerns, but the Editorial Office did not receive a reply. 
The Editor apologizes to the readership for any inconvenience caused. 
[International Journal of Oncology 48: 1639‑1649, 2016; DOI: 
10.3892/ijo.2016.3398].

DOI: 10.3892/ijo.2023.5473
PMCID: PMC9854238
PMID: 36601755


218. Comput Biol Med. 2023 Feb;153:106491. doi: 10.1016/j.compbiomed.2022.106491. 
Epub 2022 Dec 28.

Virtual screening of DrugBank database for hERG blockers using topological 
Laplacian-assisted AI models.

Feng H(1), Wei GW(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Mathematics, Michigan State University, MI 48824, USA.
(2)Department of Mathematics, Michigan State University, MI 48824, USA; 
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Michigan State University, MI 
48824, USA; Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Michigan State 
University, MI 48824, USA. Electronic address: weig@msu.edu.

The human ether-a-go-go (hERG) potassium channel (Kv11.1) plays a critical role 
in mediating cardiac action potential. The blockade of this ion channel can 
potentially lead fatal disorder and/or long QT syndrome. Many drugs have been 
withdrawn because of their serious hERG-cardiotoxicity. It is crucial to assess 
the hERG blockade activity in the early stage of drug discovery. We are 
particularly interested in the hERG-cardiotoxicity of compounds collected in the 
DrugBank database considering that many DrugBank compounds have been approved 
for therapeutic treatments or have high potential to become drugs. Machine 
learning-based in silico tools offer a rapid and economical platform to 
virtually screen DrugBank compounds. We design accurate and robust classifiers 
for blockers/non-blockers and then build regressors to quantitatively analyze 
the binding potency of the DrugBank compounds on the hERG channel. Molecular 
sequences are embedded with two natural language processing (NLP) methods, 
namely, autoencoder and transformer. Complementary three-dimensional (3D) 
molecular structures are embedded with two advanced mathematical approaches, 
i.e., topological Laplacians and algebraic graphs. With our state-of-the-art 
tools, we reveal that 227 out of the 8641 DrugBank compounds are potential hERG 
blockers, suggesting serious drug safety problems. Our predictions provide 
guidance for the further experimental interrogation of DrugBank compounds' 
hERG-cardiotoxicity.

Copyright © 2022 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.compbiomed.2022.106491
PMCID: PMC10120853
PMID: 36599209 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest The authors 
declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal 
relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this 
paper.


219. Orthop Surg. 2023 Aug;15(8):1997-2006. doi: 10.1111/os.13610. Epub 2022 Dec 26.

The Correlation between Various Shoulder Anatomical Indices on X-Ray and 
Subacromial Impingement and Morphology of Rotator Cuff Tears.

Yang J(1), Xiang M(1), Li Y(1), Zhang Q(1), Dai F(1).

Author information:
(1)Sichuan Provincial Orthopedic Hospital Upper Arm Department, Chengdu, China.

OBJECTIVES: Rotator cuff injury caused by subacromial impingement presents 
different morphologies. This study aims to investigate the correlation between 
various shoulder anatomical indexes on X-ray with subacromial impingement and 
morphology of rotator cuff tears to facilitate surgical management.
METHOD: This retrospective study was carried out between January 2020 and May 
2022. Patients who were diagnosed as sub-acromial impingement associated with 
rotator cuff tears (without tendon retraction) and received arthroscopic surgery 
were enrolled in this study. The radiographic indexes of acromial slope (AS), 
acromial tilt (AT), lateral acromial angle (LAA), acromial Index (AI), and 
sub-acromial distance (SAD) were measured on preoperative true AP view and 
outlet view. The location of rotator cuff tear (anterior, middle, posterior, 
medial, and lateral) and morphology of tear (horizontal, longitudinal, L-shaped, 
and irregular shaped) were evaluated by arthroscopy. Groups were set up due to 
different tear location and tear morphologies, by comparing the various 
radiographic indices between each group (one-way analysis of variance and 
t-test), the correlation between radiographic indices and tear characteristics 
was investigated.
RESULTS: We analyzed 92 shoulders from 92 patients with a mean age of 
57.23 ± 8.45 years. The AS in anterior tear group (29.32 ± 6.91°) was 
significantly larger than that in middle tear group (18.41 ± 6.13°) (p = 0.000) 
and posterior tear group (24.01 ± 7.69°) (p = 0.041). The AS in posterior tear 
group (24.01 ± 7.69°) was significantly larger than that in middle tear group 
(18.41 ± 6.13°) (p = 0.029). The LAA in middle tear group (67.41 ± 6.54°) was 
significantly smaller than that in posterior group (72.74 ± 8.78°) (p = 0.046). 
The AS in longitudinal tear group (26.86 ± 8.41°) was significantly larger than 
that in horizontal tear group (22.05 ± 9.47°) (p = 0.035) and L-shaped group 
(21.56 ± 6.62°) (p = 0.032). The LAA in horizontal group (70.60 ± 6.50°) was 
significantly larger than that in L-shaped group (66.39 ± 7.31°) (p = 0.033). 
The AI in L-shaped tear group (0.832 ± 0.074) was significantly larger than that 
in horizontal tear group (0.780 ± 0.084) (p = 0.019) and irregular tear group 
(0.781 ± 0.068) (p = 0.047).
CONCLUSION: Acromion with a larger AS and a smaller LAA tend to cause anterior 
or posterior rotator cuff tears rather than middle tears in sub-acromial 
impingement. Meanwhile acromion with a larger AS tends to cause a longitudinal 
tear, a larger LAA tends to cause horizontal tears and a larger AI tends to 
cause L-shaped tears.

© 2022 The Authors. Orthopaedic Surgery published by Tianjin Hospital and John 
Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/os.13610
PMCID: PMC10432442
PMID: 36573272 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declared that they have no conflicts 
of interest for this work.


220. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Front Oncol. 2022 Dec 6;12:1085305. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2022.1085305. eCollection 
2022.

A study on expression level and nutritional status of IGFBP-2 after left neck 
anastomosis combined with placement of feeding nutritional applicators carrying 
^(125)I particles in the treatment of esophageal cancer.

Zhan Z(1), Mei J(2), Zhou X(3), Jiang S(4), Li D(5), Wang X(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Jiangxi Pingxiang People's Hospital, Pingxiang, 
China.
(2)The first clinical medical college of Nanchang University, Nanchang, China.
(3)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Medical College of Nanchang University, 
Nanchang, China.
(4)Division of Thoracic and Endocrine Surgery, University Hospitals and 
University of Geneva, Geneva, Switzerland.
(5)Department of Radiotherapy, Jiangxi Province Cancer hospital, Nanchang, 
China.
(6)Department of Hepatobiliary Surgery, Xiantao First People's Hospital 
Affiliated to Yangtze University, Xiantao, China.

Retraction in
    Front Oncol. 2024 Feb 21;14:1383394. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2024.1383394.

BACKGROUND: To explore the changes and significance of the expression level and 
nutritional status of human insulin-like growth factor binding protein-2 
(IGFBP2) after the treatment of esophageal cancer with left neck anastomosis 
combined with placement of feeding nutritional applicators carrying ^(125)I 
particles.
METHODS: A total of 110 patients with esophageal cancer (observation group: left 
neck anastomosis combined with placement of feeding nutritional applicators 
carrying ^(125)I particles) and 100 healthy people (control group) were enrolled 
at the same period. Then enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) was carried 
out to detect level of IGFBP-2. Lymphocyte count and serum albumin were measured 
by immune analyzer and automatic protein analyzer to evaluate nutritional 
status. Logistic regression analysis was used to analyze the relationship 
between serum IGFBP-2, nutritional status and prognosis of esophageal cancer 
after combined treatment.
RESULTS: The albumin, lymphocyte absolute value and PNI detection value of the 
control group were lower than those of the observation group 1 month after 
treatment, and the difference was statistically significant compared with the 
control group. The detection value of IGFBP-2 in early patients before and after 
treatment was lower than that in middle and late patients, and the detection 
values of albumin, lymphocyte absolute value and PNI were higher than those in 
middle and late patients, the differences were statistically significant. Serum 
IGFBP-2 level was negatively correlated with PNI, and albumin and lymphocyte 
absolute value were positively correlated with PNI. The detection value of 
IGFBP-2 in patients with good prognosis was significantly lower than that in 
patients with poor prognosis, and the detection values of albumin, lymphocyte 
absolute value and PNI were significantly higher than those in patients with 
poor prognosis. The AUC (0.887,95% CI: 0.799-0.975) of IGFBP-2, albumin, 
lymphocyte absolute value and PNI in predicting poor prognosis of esophageal 
cancer was the largest, and the sensitivity and specificity were 94.12% and 
92.47%, respectively.
CONCLUSIONS: Left neck anastomosis combined with ^(125)I particle application 
nutritional tube is helpful for the decrease of serum IGFBP-2 and the increase 
of various nutritional status indicators, which is beneficial for the 
improvement of the patient's condition.

Copyright © 2022 Zhan, Mei, Zhou, Jiang, Li and Wang.

DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2022.1085305
PMCID: PMC9763889
PMID: 36561518

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


221. RETRACTED ARTICLE

PLoS One. 2022 Dec 19;17(12):e0279120. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0279120. 
eCollection 2022.

Combination effect of cold atmospheric plasma with green synthesized zero-valent 
iron nanoparticles in the treatment of melanoma cancer model.

Yazdani Z(1)(2), Biparva P(3), Rafiei A(1), Kardan M(1), Hadavi S(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Immunology, Molecular and Cell Biology Research Center, School 
of Medicine, Mazandaran University of Medical Sciences, Sari, Iran.
(2)Student Research Committee, Mazandaran University of Medical Sciences, Sari, 
Iran.
(3)Department of Basic Sciences, Faculty of Animal Science and Fisheries, Sari 
Agricultural Sciences and Natural Resources University, Sari, Iran.
(4)Department of Atomic and Molecular Physics, Faculty of Basic Sciences, 
University of Mazandaran, Babolsar, Iran.
(5)Plasma Technology Research Center, Faculty of Basic Sciences, University of 
Mazandaran, Babolsar, Iran.

Retraction in
    PLoS One. 2024 May 23;19(5):e0304502. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0304502.

Green synthesized zero-valent iron nanoparticles (nZVI) have high potential in 
cancer therapy. Cold atmospheric plasma (CAP) is also an emerging biomedical 
technique that has great potential to cure cancer. Therefore, the combined 
effect of CAP and nZVI might be promising in treatment of cancer. In this study, 
we evaluated the combined effect of CAP and nZVI on the metabolic activity of 
the surviving cells and induction of apoptosis in malignant melanoma in 
comparison with normal cells. Therefore, the effect of various time exposure of 
CAP radiation, different doses of nZVI, and the combined effect of CAP and nZVI 
were evaluated on the viability of malignant melanoma cells (B16-F10) and normal 
fibroblast cells (L929) at 24 h after treatment using MTT assay. Then, the 
effect of appropriate doses of each treatment on apoptosis was evaluated by 
fluorescence microscopy and flow cytometry with Annexin/PI staining. In 
addition, the expression of BAX, BCL2 and Caspase 3 (CASP3) was also assayed. 
The results showed although the combined effect of CAP and nZVI significantly 
showed cytotoxic effects and apoptotic activity on cancer cells, this treatment 
had no more effective compared to CAP or nZVI alone. In addition, evaluation of 
gene expression showed that combination therapy didn't improve expression of 
apoptotic genes in comparison with CAP or nZVI. In conclusion, combined 
treatment of CAP and nZVI does not seem to be able to improve the effect of 
monotherapy of CAP or nZVI. It may be due to the resistance of cancer cells to 
high ROS uptake or the accumulation of saturated ROS in cells, which prevents 
the intensification of apoptosis.

Copyright: © 2022 Yazdani et al. This is an open access article distributed 
under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits 
unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the 
original author and source are credited.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0279120
PMCID: PMC9762585
PMID: 36534669 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


222. J Healthc Eng. 2022 Dec 8;2022:9828463. doi: 10.1155/2022/9828463. eCollection 
2022.

Retracted: Dosimetric Comparison between Volumetric Modulated Arc Therapy (VMAT) 
and Intensity-Modulated Radiotherapy (IMRT) for Dental Structures of Head and 
Neck Cancer Patients.

Healthcare Engineering JO.

Retraction of
    J Healthc Eng. 2022 Apr 5;2022:4998997. doi: 10.1155/2022/4998997.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/4998997.].

Copyright © 2022 Journal of Healthcare Engineering.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9828463
PMCID: PMC9754842
PMID: 36530788


223. Med Phys. 2023 Feb;50(2):1019-1028. doi: 10.1002/mp.16143. Epub 2022 Dec 22.

Commissioning a beam line for MR-guided particle therapy assisted by in silico 
methods.

Fuchs H(1)(2), Padilla-Cabal F(3), Oborn BM(4)(5)(6), Georg D(2)(3).

Author information:
(1)Division of Medical Radiation Physics, Department of Radiation Oncology, 
Medical University of Vienna, Wien, Austria.
(2)MedAustron Ion Therapy Center, Wiener Neustadt, Austria.
(3)Division of Medical Radiation Physics, Department of Radiation Oncology, 
Medical University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria.
(4)Institute of Radiooncology-OncoRay, Radiooncology, Helmholtz-Zentrum 
Dresden-Rossendorf, Dresden, Germany.
(5)Centre for Medical Radiation Physics, University of Wollongong, Wollongong, 
NSW, Australia.
(6)Illawarra Cancer Care Centre, Wollongong Hospital, Wollongong, NSW, 
Australia.

BACKGROUND: Radiation therapy is continuously moving towards more precise dose 
delivery. The combination of online MR imaging and particle therapy, for 
example, radiation therapy using protons or carbon ions, could enable the next 
level of precision in radiotherapy. In particle therapy, research towards a 
combination of MR and particle therapy is well underway, but still far from 
clinical systems. The combination of high magnetic fields with particle therapy 
delivery poses several challenges for treatment planning, treatment workflow, 
dose delivery, and dosimetry.
PURPOSE: To present a workflow for commissioning of a light ion beam line with 
an integrated dipole magnet to perform MR-guided particle therapy (MRgPT) 
research, producing not only basic beam data but also magnetic field maps for 
accurate dose calculation. Accurate dose calculation in magnetic field 
environments requires high-quality magnetic field maps to compensate for 
magnetic-field-dependent trajectory changes and dose perturbations.
METHODS: The research beam line at MedAustron was coupled with a resistive 
dipole magnet positioned at the isocenter. Beam data were measured for proton 
and carbon ions with and without an applied magnetic field of 1 T. Laterally 
integrated depth-dose curves (IDC) as well as beam profiles were measured in 
water while beam trajectories were measured in air. Based on manufacturer data, 
an in silico model of the magnet was created, allowing to extract high-quality 
3D magnetic field data. An existing GATE/Geant4 Monte Carlo (MC) model of the 
beam line was extended with the generated magnetic field data and benchmarked 
against experimental data.
RESULTS: A 3D magnetic field volume covering fringe fields until 50 mT was found 
to be sufficient for an accurate beam trajectory modeling. The effect on 
particle range retraction was found to be 2.3 and 0.3 mm for protons and carbon 
ions, respectively. Measured lateral beam offsets in water agreed within 0.4 and 
-0.5 mm with MC simulations for protons and carbon ions, respectively. 
Experimentally determined in-air beam trajectories agreed within 0.4 mm in the 
homogeneous magnetic field area.
CONCLUSION: The presented approach based on in silico modeling and measurements 
allows to commission a beam line for MRgPT while providing benchmarking data for 
the magnetic field modeling, required for state-of-the art dose 
calculation methods.

© 2022 The Authors. Medical Physics published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf 
of American Association of Physicists in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1002/mp.16143
PMID: 36504399 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


224. Mol Med Rep. 2023 Feb;27(2):23. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2022.12910. Epub 2022 Dec 9.

[Retracted] MicroRNA‑509 targets PAX6 to inhibit cell proliferation and invasion 
in papillary thyroid carcinoma.

Zhang S(1), Wang Q(1), Li D(1), Huang B(2), Hou X(3), Wang D(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thyroid Surgery, Hernia and Abdominal Wall Surgery, Shanxi 
Provincial People's Hospital, Taiyuan, Shanxi 030012, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Gastrointestinal Pancreas, Hernia and Abdominal Wall Surgery, 
Shanxi Provincial People's Hospital, Taiyuan, Shanxi 030012, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Chest Radiotherapy, Tumor Hospital of Shanxi Province, Taiyuan, 
Shanxi 030012, P.R. China.

Retraction of
    Mol Med Rep. 2019 Feb;19(2):1403-1409. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2018.9750.

Following the publication of this paper, it was drawn to the Editors' attention 
by a concerned reader that several of the panels shown for the cell invasion 
assays in Figs. 2C and 5D were strikingly similar to data appearing in different 
form in other articles by different authors. Owing to the fact that the 
contentious data in the above article had already been published elsewhere, or 
were already under consideration for publication, prior to its submission to 
Molecular Medicine Reports, the Editor has decided that this paper should be 
retracted from the Journal. The authors were asked for an explanation to account 
for these concerns, but the Editorial Office did not receive a reply. The Editor 
apologizes to the readership for any inconvenience caused. [Molecular Medicine 
Reports 19: 1403‑1409, 2019; DOI: 10.3892/mmr.2018.9750].

DOI: 10.3892/mmr.2022.12910
PMCID: PMC9813556
PMID: 36484396


225. Pain Pract. 2023 Jun;23(5):559-562. doi: 10.1111/papr.13192. Epub 2022 Dec 15.

A practical access for fluoroscopically-guided percutaneous sacroplasty: Case 
report.

Silva-Ortiz VM(1), Plancarte-Sanchez R(2), Reyes I(3), Gulati A(4).

Author information:
(1)Pain Management Department, Hospital Zambrano Hellion Tec Salud, San Pedro, 
Mexico.
(2)Pain Clinic, National Cancer Institute, Mexico City, Mexico.
(3)Pain Clinic Department, Hospital Muguerza, Saltillo, Mexico.
(4)Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York City, NY, USA.

BACKGROUND: Sacral metastases represent the lowest percentage of invasion to the 
spine, however, as chemotherapy treatments progress, the cancer survival rate 
has become higher, and the percentage of sacral metastases has increased. 
Treatment options for sacrum metastases are surgery, radiotherapy, and minimally 
invasive techniques such as sacroplasty and radiofrequency ablation. Knowing the 
repercussions that advancing the needle anteriorly (viscera) or medially (sacral 
roots) can have during the sacroplasty we are describing a technique to perform 
c-arm sacroplasty in coaxial vision, to identify the anterior sacral cortical 
bone that is in the limits of the pelvic viscera as well as the sacral foraminal 
line.
CASE PRESENTATION: In the current report, we present a 75-year-old male patient 
with prostate cancer metastatic to S1, S2, S3 and iliac, with severe lumbar 
axial pain VAS 8/10. With a caudal tilt between 35-45 degrees until aligning the 
sacrum in a coaxial view, a 11-gauge Jamshidi needle is advanced from s3 to s1. 
The trajectory of the needle during the procedure is corroborated in AP and 
lateral, S1 is cemented, and the needle is withdrawn to cement S2 and S3. After 
the sacroplasty with the coaxial access, the patient reported VAS 1-2/10.
CONCLUSIONS: It is important to offer an adequate quality of life to patients 
with sacral fractures, whether associated with cancer or sacral insufficiency 
fractures (SIF). Sacroplasty, being a recently described technique, can be a 
very viable option for these patients, that's why it is important to have safe 
and reliable techniques to complement the approach of this minimally invasive 
technique.The coaxial access may be a safe and practical way to perform 
sacroplasty in these patients.

© 2022 World Institute of Pain.

DOI: 10.1111/papr.13192
PMID: 36478396 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


226. J Biochem Mol Toxicol. 2024 Jan;38(1):e23003. doi: 10.1002/jbt.23003. Epub 2023 
Feb 7.

Withdrawn: CircTDRD3 aggravates H/R-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis via 
targeting miR-4295/TP63 axis.

Kong X(1), Jin L(2), Zhang X(1), Ba S(1), Hao Y(1), Zhou K(1), Sun N(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Geriatrics, Tianjin Medical University General Hospital, 
Tianjin Geriatrics Institute, Tianjin, China.
(2)Radiation Oncology Key Laboratory of Sichuan Province, Sichuan Cancer 
Hospital & Institute, Sichuan Cancer Center, School of Medicine, University of 
Electronic Science and Technology of China, Chengdu, China.

The above article, published online on 5 December 2022, on Wiley Online Library 
(https://doi.org/10.1002/jbt.23003), has been withdrawn by agreement between the 
journal Editor in Chief, Hari Bhat, and Wiley Periodicals, LLC. The withdrawal 
has been agreed due to a technical error at the publisher that caused the 
article to be mistakenly published online although publication had been canceled 
because the authors did not approve their proof.

© 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.

DOI: 10.1002/jbt.23003
PMID: 36468373


227. J Healthc Eng. 2022 Nov 24;2022:9763145. doi: 10.1155/2022/9763145. eCollection 
2022.

Retracted: Reversal of Radiotherapy Resistance of Ovarian Cancer Cell Strain 
CAOV3/R by Targeting lncRNA CRNDE.

Healthcare Engineering JO.

Retraction of
    J Healthc Eng. 2021 Sep 8;2021:8556965. doi: 10.1155/2021/8556965.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2021/8556965.].

Copyright © 2022 Journal of Healthcare Engineering.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9763145
PMCID: PMC9715315
PMID: 36465240


228. Eur J Pediatr. 2023 Feb;182(2):689-696. doi: 10.1007/s00431-022-04720-4. Epub 
2022 Nov 30.

Use of music therapy in pediatric oncology: an Italian AIEOP multicentric survey 
study in the era of COVID-19.

Giordano F(1), Muggeo P(2), Rutigliano C(2), Barzaghi F(3), Battisti L(4), 
Coccia P(5), Colombini A(6), D'Amico MR(7), De Santis R(8), Mascarin M(9), Mura 
R(10), Onofrillo D(11), Perruccio K(12), Rinieri S(13), Trevisan F(14), Zama 
D(15), Ziino O(16), De Lucia M(17), Santoro N(2), Cesaro S(18).

Author information:
(1)Department of Emergency and Organ Transplants, University of Bari Aldo Moro, 
Piazza G. Cesare 11, 70124, Bari, Italy. filippo.giordano@uniba.it.
(2)Department of Pediatric Oncology and Hematology, University Hospital of 
Policlinico, Bari, Italy.
(3)Pediatric Immunohematology and Bone Marrow Transplantation Unit, IRCCS San 
Raffaele Hospital, Via Olgettina 60, 20132, Milan, Italy.
(4)Division of Pediatric Hematology Oncology, Pediatric Central Hospital of 
Bolzano, Bolzano, Italy.
(5)Pediatric Hemato-Oncology Unit, Hospital Salesi, Azienda Ospedali Riuniti 
Ancona, Ancona, Italy.
(6)Pediatric Hematology-Oncology Unit, Department of Pediatrics, University of 
Milano-Bicocca, MBBM Foundation/ASST Monza, Monza, Italy.
(7)Pediatric Hematology-Oncology Unit, AORN Santobono-Pausilipon, Naples, Italy.
(8)Hemato-Oncology Unit, Department of Pediatrics, 'Casa Sollievo Della 
Sofferenza' Hospital, San Giovanni Rotondo, Italy.
(9)Adolescent and Young Adult Oncology and Pediatric Radiotherapy Unit, 
CRO-Centro Di Riferimento Oncologico Di Aviano, IRCCS, Aviano, Italy.
(10)Pediatric Oncology Unit, Azienda Ospedaliera Brotzu, Cagliari, Italy.
(11)Hematology-Oncology Department, Pediatric Hematology and Oncology Unit, 
Santo Spirito Hospital, Pescara, Italy.
(12)Pediatric Hematology Oncology, Azienda Ospedaliera Universitaria, Ospedale 
Santa Maria Della Misericordia, Perugia, Italy.
(13)Pediatric Onco-Hematology Unit, Sant'Anna University Hospital, Ferrara, 
Italy.
(14)Pediatric Onco-Hematology Unit - AOU Meyer Firenze, Florence, Italy.
(15)Department of Pediatrics, Pediatric Oncology and Haematology Unit "Lalla 
Seràgnoli", Sant' Orsola Malpighi Hospital, University of Bologna, Bologna, 
Italy.
(16)Department of Pediatric Hemato-Oncology, ARNAS Ospedali Civico, G. Di 
Cristina, Palermo, Italy.
(17)Department of Biology, University Federico II of Naples, Naples, Italy.
(18)Pediatric Hematology Oncology, Department of Mother and Child, Azienda 
Ospedaliera Universitaria Integrata Verona, Verona, Italy.

Music therapy (MT) is a complementary therapy offered to children, young adults, 
and their families in pediatric oncology and palliative care. We performed a 
survey to collect information about MT in pediatric oncology in Italy. The 
outbreak of COVID-19 unavoidably changed the scenario of MT, suggesting some 
considerations presented in this survey. 27/32 (84.4%) centers belonging to the 
Infections and Supportive Therapy Working Group of Association of Pediatric 
Hematology and Oncology (AEIOP) completed in 2 different time points (T1 and T2) 
an online survey on MT, before and after COVID-19 pandemia. Different kinds of 
music approach were used taking care of patients in 21/27 centers, while in 
14/21 (66%), a specific project of MT conducted by a music therapist was 
present. In 6/14 centers, MT activities were delivered for < 3 h/week, in 3 
centers for > 3 and < 10 h/week, and in the remaining 5 for > 3 h/week. MT 
sessions were in different areas, day hospital, or ward (patient rooms, 
operating rooms, waiting rooms), on an individual basis or by groups. Patients 
were invited to MT by psychologists, caring physician, or nurse, or on equipé 
decision. MT was evaluated with tools self-made by music therapist in 11/14 
centers. After COVID-19, MT has been withdrawn in 3 centers, sessions in the 
waiting rooms were reduced, individual sessions were preferred, and enrollment 
by multidisciplinary teams increased.
CONCLUSION: This survey represents the starting platform to compare and discuss 
different experience of MT in AIEOP centers, to implement MT in pediatric 
oncology for a more qualified assistance to patients, and to improve quality of 
care.
WHAT IS KNOWN: • Music therapy in pediatric oncology and palliative care can be 
used for the management and prevention of various somatic and psychological 
symptoms of patients and often is provided to children together with their 
families. • In Italy the application of Music therapy in the AIEOP pediatric 
oncology centers is constantly increasing, but due to the outbreak of Covid-19 
Pandemic, Italian pediatric oncology departments were obliged to adopt 
restrictive measures.
WHAT IS NEW: • Although the majority of Centres did not abrogate MT 
interventions, judgment about limitation should be carefully taken since MT 
helps children and even more adolescents in their fight against cancer. • The 
best practice of Music therapy in pediatric oncology requires communication and 
collaboration among qualified music therapists and multidisciplinary care team, 
using a model of family-centered care that actively involves parents/ caregivers 
in assessment, treatment planning, and care delivery.

© 2022. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, 
part of Springer Nature.

DOI: 10.1007/s00431-022-04720-4
PMCID: PMC9708510
PMID: 36446889 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


229. Int J Gen Med. 2022 Nov 16;15:8203-8204. doi: 10.2147/IJGM.S397676. eCollection 
2022.

Long-Term Radiotherapy Related Complications in Children with Head and Neck 
Cancer: Another Era for Pediatric Oncologic Pathology [Retraction].

[No authors listed]

Retraction of
    Int J Gen Med. 2009 Jul 30;2:63-6. doi: 10.2147/ijgm.s4878.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.2147/IJGM.S4878.].

© 2022 Dove Medical Press.

DOI: 10.2147/IJGM.S397676
PMCID: PMC9675986
PMID: 36415825


230. Environ Sci Process Impacts. 2022 Dec 14;24(12):2488. doi: 10.1039/d2em90041f.

Retraction: Sequestration and speciation of Eu(III) on gamma alumina: role of 
temperature and contact order.

Cai Y(1)(2), Ren X(3), Lang Y(1)(2), Liu Z(1)(2), Zong P(4), Wang X(1)(2), Yang 
S(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)School for Radiological and Interdisciplinary Sciences, Soochow University, 
215123 Suzhou, P. R. China. shitongyang@suda.edu.cn.
(2)Collaborative Innovation Center of Radiation Medicine of Jiangsu Higher 
Education Institutions, 215123 Suzhou, P. R. China.
(3)Institute of Plasma Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, P. O. Box 1126, 
230031 Hefei, P. R. China.
(4)Reactor Operation and Application Division, Nuclear Power Institute of China, 
610005 Chengdu, P. R. China.

Retraction of
    Environ Sci Process Impacts. 2015 Nov;17(11):1904-14. doi: 
10.1039/c5em00412h.

Retraction of 'Sequestration and speciation of Eu(III) on gamma alumina: role of 
temperature and contact order' by Yawen Cai et al., Environ. Sci.: Processes 
Impacts, 2015, 17, 1904-1914, https://doi.org/10.1039/C5EM00412H.

DOI: 10.1039/d2em90041f
PMID: 36398694


231. Cell Cycle. 2023 Mar-Mar;22(6):693-704. doi: 10.1080/15384101.2022.2145817. Epub 
2022 Nov 17.

SKA1 is overexpressed in laryngocarcinoma and modulates cell growth via P53 
signaling pathway.

Li Z(1), Liu J(2), Peng H(2), Li C(2), Liu Y(2), Xie W(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation and Medical Oncology, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan 
University, Wuhan, China.
(2)Department of Otolaryngology, Head and Neck Surgery, The Second Affiliated 
Hospital of Nanchang University, Nanchang, China.

Laryngocarcinoma is one of the most frequent malignancies occurring in the head 
and neck. The roles of spindle- and kinetochore-associated complex 1 (SKA1) in 
the malignant progression of several cancers have already been discussed. 
However, the precise significance and action's mechanism of SKA1 in 
laryngocarcinoma remain largely unknown. In this study, SKA1 was shown to be 
strongly expressed in laryngocarcinoma tissues and cells, and higher expression 
of SKA1 was associated with more severe tumor infiltration, larger tumor 
diameter, higher risk of lymphatic metastasis and later pathological stage. 
Additionally, loss-of-function assays in vitro suggested that SKA1 depletion 
caused a reduction in cell proliferation, migration, and colony formation as 
well as an increase in apoptosis. In animal experiments, tumors generated from 
AMC-HN-8 cells with SKA1 depletion exhibited declined tumor volume and weight. 
Similarly, the detection of Ki67 protein in xenograft tumor tissues reflected 
that knocking down SKA1 curbed tumor growth in vivo. Further exploration on 
downstream mechanism revealed that after treatment with Pifithrin-α, the 
suppression in proliferation level caused by SKA1 knockdown was reversed, while 
the increase of cell apoptosis was withdrawn; at the molecular level, 
Pifithrin-α treatment caused p-P53 and Bax diminished, while Bcl-2 ameliorated. 
In short, SKA1 promotes the development of laryngocarcinoma via activating the 
P53 signaling pathway.

DOI: 10.1080/15384101.2022.2145817
PMCID: PMC9980583
PMID: 36397719 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: No potential conflict of interest was reported 
by the authors.


232. Front Immunol. 2022 Oct 25;13:1009621. doi: 10.3389/fimmu.2022.1009621. 
eCollection 2022.

Immunotherapy for bilateral multiple ground glass opacities: An exploratory 
study for synchronous multiple primary lung cancer.

Xu L(1)(2), Shi M(3), Wang S(1), Li M(1), Yin W(1), Zhang J(4), Zhu J(5), Jiang 
F(1), Xia W(1), Qiu N(1), Zhang Z(1), Huang J(1), Ma Z(1), Meng F(1), Zhu H(1), 
Dong G(1), Wang J(6)(7), Yin R(1)(2)(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Jiangsu Key Laboratory of Molecular and 
Translational Cancer Research, Nanjing Medical University Affiliated Cancer 
Hospital, Jiangsu Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu Institute of Cancer Research, 
Nanjing, China.
(2)Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Personalized Medicine, Nanjing 
Medical University, Nanjing, China.
(3)Department of Oncology, Nanjing Medical University Affiliated Cancer 
Hospital, Jiangsu Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu Institute of Cancer Research, 
Nanjing, China.
(4)Department of Pathology, Nanjing Medical University Affiliated Cancer 
Hospital, Jiangsu Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu Institute of Cancer Research, 
Nanjing, China.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Nanjing Medical University Affiliated 
Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu Institute of Cancer Research, 
Nanjing, China.
(6)Department of Science and technology, Nanjing Medical University Affiliated 
Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu Institute of Cancer Research, 
Nanjing, China.
(7)Biobank of Lung Cancer, Jiangsu Biobank of Clinical Resources, Nanjing, 
China.

BACKGROUND: Bilateral multiple ground glass opacities (GGOs) are observed in 
quite a part of patients with early-stage lung adenocarcinoma. For this 
so-called synchronous multiple primary lung cancer (sMPLC), targeting immune 
checkpoint is a favorable option in addition to surgical resection. The purpose 
of this study is to reveal the safety and efficacy of performing immune 
checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) on patients with sMPLC and to explore the 
biomarkers of the efficacy.
METHODS: A total of 21 patients with sMPLC were enrolled and all included cases 
were pathologically confirmed adenocarcinoma after conducting surgical treatment 
for unilateral GGOs. ICIs of Sintilimab were then used to target programmed 
death 1 (200mg i.v., Q3W) for up to 10 cycles. Seven patients of them received 
the other surgery for contralateral GGOs, and multiomics assessments, including 
neoantigens, somatic mutations, and methylated loci, were further performed to 
investigate potential biomarkers.
RESULTS: Grade 1 or 2 treatment-related adverse events (AEs) occurred in most of 
the patients (12/21, 57.1%), and one subject withdrawn for grade 3 AEs. For the 
seven patients underwent twice surgeries, twelve and thirteen GGOs were achieved 
before and after the use of ICIs separately, and a favorable efficacy was 
observed among six lesions after immunotherapy (> 50% pathologic tumor 
regression). Tumor infiltration T-cell and B-cell were further shown to be 
associated with the biological activity of ICIs. According to mechanism-based 
multiomics analyses, MUC19- and PCDHB5- mutations were indicated to correlate 
with a favorable prognosis of sMPLC underwent immunotherapy, and our results 
suggested that immunogenetic mutation and associated promoter methylation could 
provide a quantitative explanation for the pathologic response of GGOs.
CONCLUSION: Our study provides evidence that the use of ICIs contributed 
favorable efficacy and safety to patients with sMPLC. Immune infiltration and 
immunogenic biomarkers are revealed to be implications of performing ICIs on 
sMPLC. These preliminary findings exhibit the prospects in performing 
neoadjuvant or adjuvant immunotherapies on patients with sMPLC.
CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: https://www.chictr.org.cn/showproj.aspx?proj=36878, 
identifier ChiCTR1900022159.

Copyright © 2022 Xu, Shi, Wang, Li, Yin, Zhang, Zhu, Jiang, Xia, Qiu, Zhang, 
Huang, Ma, Meng, Zhu, Dong, Wang and Yin.

DOI: 10.3389/fimmu.2022.1009621
PMCID: PMC9642914
PMID: 36389707 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


233. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Rep. 2022 Nov 5;12(1):18769. doi: 10.1038/s41598-022-23561-7.

Second-order convergence analysis for Hall effect and electromagnetic force on 
ternary nanofluid flowing via rotating disk.

Shahzad F(1), Jamshed W(2), El Din SM(3), Shamshuddin M(4), Ibrahim RW(5), 
Raizah Z(6), Adnan(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Mathematics, Capital University of Science and Technology 
(CUST), Islamabad, 44000, Pakistan.
(2)Department of Mathematics, Capital University of Science and Technology 
(CUST), Islamabad, 44000, Pakistan. wasiktk@hotmail.com.
(3)Center of Research, Faculty of Engineering, Future University in Egypt, New 
Cairo, 11835, Egypt.
(4)Department of Mathematics, School of Sciences, SR University, Warangal, 
506371, Telangana, India.
(5)Mathematics Research Center, Department of Mathematics, Near East University, 
Near East Boulevard, PC: 99138, Nicosia, Mersin 10, Turkey.
(6)Department of Mathematics, College of SCIENCE, King Khalid University, P. O. 
BOX 62529, Abha, Saudi Arabia.
(7)Department of Mathematics, Mohi-Ud-Din Islamic University, Nerian Sharif, 
12080, AJ&K, Pakistan.

Retraction in
    Sci Rep. 2024 May 14;14(1):11049. doi: 10.1038/s41598-024-61759-z.

The purpose of this research was to estimate the thermal characteristics of 
tri-HNFs by investigating the impacts of ternary nanoparticles on heat transfer 
(HT) and fluid flow. The employment of flow-describing equations in the presence 
of thermal radiation, heat dissipation, and Hall current has been examined. 
Aluminum oxide (Al2O3), copper oxide (CuO), silver (Ag), and water (H2O) 
nanomolecules make up the ternary HNFs under study. The physical situation was 
modelled using boundary layer analysis, which generates partial differential 
equations for a variety of essential physical factors (PDEs). Assuming that a 
spinning disk is what causes the flow; the rheology of the flow is enlarged and 
calculated in a rotating frame. Before determining the solution, the produced 
PDEs were transformed into matching ODEs using the second order convergent 
technique (SOCT) also known as Keller Box method. Due to an increase in the 
implicated influencing elements, several significant physical effects have been 
observed and documented. For resembling the resolution of nonlinear system 
issues come across in rolling fluid and other computational physics fields.

© 2022. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-022-23561-7
PMCID: PMC9637193
PMID: 36335165

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


234. Nano Lett. 2022 Nov 23;22(22):9216. doi: 10.1021/acs.nanolett.2c03941. Epub 2022 
Nov 2.

Retraction of: "Nanoparticle Mediated Tumor Vascular Disruption: A Novel 
Strategy in Radiation Therapy".

Kunjachan S, Detappe A, Kumar R, Ireland T, Cameron L, Biancur DE, Motto-Ros V, 
Sancey L, Sridhar S, Makrigiorgos GM, Berbeco RI.

Retraction of
    Nano Lett. 2015 Nov 11;15(11):7488-96. doi: 10.1021/acs.nanolett.5b03073.

DOI: 10.1021/acs.nanolett.2c03941
PMCID: PMC9691526
PMID: 36322509


235. J Vis Exp. 2022 Oct 14;(188). doi: 10.3791/63603.

Transtubular Endoscopic Posterolateral Decompression for L5-S1 Lumbar Lateral 
Disc Herniation.

Tanaka M(1), Arataki S(2), Mehta R(2), Tsai TT(3), Fujiwara Y(2), Uotani K(2), 
Yamauchi T(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Orthopedic Surgery, Okayama Rosai Hospital; 
tanaka0896@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Orthopedic Surgery, Okayama Rosai Hospital.
(3)Department of Orthopedic Surgery, Chang Gung University.

We report a novel technique for C-arm free transtubular L5 nerve decompression 
under CT-based navigation to reduce the radiation hazard. This procedure is 
performed under general anesthesia and neuromonitoring. The patient is placed in 
a prone position on an operating carbon table. A navigation reference frame is 
placed percutaneously into the contralateral sacroiliac joint or spinous 
process. Then, CT scan images are obtained. After instrument registration, the 
L5-S1 foraminal level is confirmed with a navigated probe, and the entry point 
is marked. Using an approximately 2 cm skin incision, the subcutaneous tissue 
and muscles are dissected. The navigated first dilator is aimed at the L5-S1 
Kambin's triangle, and sequential dilation is performed. The 18 mm tube is used 
and fixed to the frame. The bone around the Kambin's triangle is removed with a 
navigated burr. For lateral disc herniation, the L5 nerve root is identified and 
retracted, and the disc fragment is removed. The navigation-guided tubular 
endoscopic decompression is an effective procedure. There is no radiation hazard 
to the surgeon or the operating room staff.

DOI: 10.3791/63603
PMID: 36314789 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


236. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Dis Markers. 2022 Oct 14;2022:9204119. doi: 10.1155/2022/9204119. eCollection 
2022.

Exploration of RCBF and Metabolic Changes in the Brain Functional Areas of 
Patients with Hypothyroidism by ASL and MRS Techniques.

Li Y(1), Du X(2), Lang X(1).

Author information:
(1)Medical Imaging Department, The First Affiliated Hospital of Hebei North 
University, No. 12, Changqing Road, Zhangjiakou, Hebei Province, China.
(2)Radiation Therapy Department, The First Affiliated Hospital of Hebei North 
University, No. 12, Changqing Road, Zhangjiakou, Hebei Province, China.

Retraction in
    Dis Markers. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9832431. doi: 10.1155/2023/9832431.

OBJECTIVE: To study the regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) in important brain 
functional areas and the metabolic levels of these brain functional areas in 
patients with primary hypothyroidism by using arterial spin labeling (ASL) and 
magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) techniques to explain the possible causes 
of brain dysfunction in patients with primary hypothyroidism.
METHODS: Twenty-five patients with primary hypothyroidism (newly diagnosed and 
not treated) who were treated in the endocrinology department of our hospital 
were selected as the research group, and 25 healthy patients with normal thyroid 
function who came to our hospital during the same period with matched gender and 
age were selected as the control group. ASL and MRS techniques were used to 
detect and calculate regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) in the frontal lobe, 
hippocampus, and posterior cingulate gyrus, as well as 
N-acetylaspartate/creatine (NAA/Cr), choline/creatine (Cho) in the brain/Cr, and 
inositol/creatine (mI/Cr) ratio. The correlations between metabolite ratios 
measured by rCBF, MRS, and serum TSH, FT3, and FT4 levels were analyzed.
RESULTS: Compared with the control group, the rCBF in the frontal lobe, 
hippocampus, and posterior cingulate gyrus of the dominant hemisphere of the 
hypothyroid patients in the study group decreased significantly (P < 0.05). The 
comparison of metabolite ratios showed that compared with the control group, the 
NAA/Cr ratio of the frontal lobe and posterior cingulate gyrus of the study 
group was significantly decreased, and the Cho/Cr ratio of the posterior 
cingulate gyrus of the study group was significantly increased. The MI/Cr ratio 
of the hippocampus was significantly decreased (all P values < 0.05). 
Correlation analysis showed that rCBF and NAA/Cr in posterior cingulate gyrus 
were significantly negatively correlated with serum TSH levels (P < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: The changes of rCBF and metabolite ratios in the frontal lobe, 
hippocampus, and posterior cingulate gyrus of patients with primary 
hypothyroidism can be detected using ASL and MRS techniques. The changes of rCBF 
and metabolite ratio and their negative correlation with serum TSH level are 
helpful to explain the causes of brain dysfunction in patients with primary 
hypothyroidism.

Copyright © 2022 Yanpeng Li et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9204119
PMCID: PMC9586791
PMID: 36277976 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


237. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2022 Oct 12;2022:9592009. doi: 10.1155/2022/9592009. 
eCollection 2022.

Fundus-Vascular Responses to Color Deviation Caused by Non-Oxidative Blue 
Filtering.

Cai J(1)(2), Hao W(3), Zeng S(2), Li J(4), Guo Y(2), Tan K(5), Kang Y(6), Huang 
Y(5), Zhang Y(5), Santos T(7), Qian C(8), Luo A(1).

Author information:
(1)School of Life Science, Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing 100081, 
China.
(2)Lab of Visual Health and Safety Protection, China National Institute of 
Standardization, Beijing 100191, China.
(3)Beijing Yangming Zhidao Photoelectric Science and Technology Co., Ltd, 
Beijing 100102, China.
(4)Hangzhou Innovei Technology Co., Ltd, Hangzhou 311199, China.
(5)Guangzhou Shirui Electronics Co., Ltd, Guangzhou 510663, China.
(6)Najing Technology Co., Ltd, Hangzhou 310052, China.
(7)Center of Information Technology "Renato Archer" (CTI), Ministry of Science 
Technology Innovations and Communications, Brazil.
(8)School of Reliability and Systems Engineering, Beihang University, Beijing 
100191, China.

Retraction in
    Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2023 Dec 29;2023:9769858. doi: 10.1155/2023/9769858.

AIMS: Short-wavelength blue light damaged retina by the oxidative stress in the 
retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) cells. Filtering blue light from screen could 
reduce blue hazard, whereas it inevitably altered color-gamut coverage and 
color-deviation level. Although abnormal fundus-vascular density (FVD) sometimes 
indicated fundus disease, few researchers noticed its responses to the variation 
of color-gamut coverage and color-deviation level.
METHODS: In this study, we performed cellular experiments and analyzed the RPE 
cell viabilities (CVs) in spectrums with different blue (455-475 nm) ratios to 
describe the corresponding oxidative-stress levels. Further, we investigated the 
effects of color-gamut and deviation on FVD variations during the 
screen-watching task using human factor experiments with 30 participants 
(university students, including 17 males and 13 females, 21 to 30 years old).
RESULTS: RPE CVs were similar in different spectrums, implying that 
non-oxidative blue filtering hardly contributed to CV improvement. 
Color-deviation level seems to induce more significant effects on the visual 
function compared to color-gamut coverage, and MTF and FVD presents similar 
variation trends during the visual task.
CONCLUSION: Oxidative-free blue filtering contributed little to decrease retinal 
oxidative stress yet caused color-deviation increase, which caused significant 
FVD reduction.

Copyright © 2022 Jianqi Cai et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9592009
PMCID: PMC9581710
PMID: 36275906 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there is no conflict of 
interest regarding the publication of this paper.


238. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Oct 11;2022:5382420. doi: 10.1155/2022/5382420. 
eCollection 2022.

Low-Dose X-Ray Increases Paracellular Permeability of Human Renal Glomerular 
Endothelial Cells.

Wang J(1), Sun C(2), Zheng D(3), Sun K(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nephrotic Diagnosis and Treatment Center, The Second Affiliated 
Hospital of Shandong University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, No. 1 Jingba 
Road, Shizhong District, Jinan, Shandong 250001, China.
(2)Department of Nephrology, Zibo First Hospital, No. 4 Emeishandong Road, 
Boshan District, Zibo, Shandong 255200, China.
(3)Department of Nephrology, Dongying People's Hospital, No. 317 Nanyi Road, 
Dongying, Shandong 257091, China.
(4)Department of Nephropathy, Shandong Zibo Central Hospital, No. 54 
Gongqingtuanxi Road, Zhangdian District, Zibo, Shandong 255036, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Nov 29;2023:9871978. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9871978.

OBJECTIVE: Glomerular endothelium functions as a filtration barrier of 
metabolites in the kidney. Although X-ray irradiation modulated the permeability 
of the vascular endothelium, the response of human renal glomerular endothelial 
cells (HRGECs) to low-dose X-ray irradiation has not been investigated. We 
evaluated the impacts of low-dose X-ray irradiation on HRGECs and revealed the 
underlying mechanism.
METHODS: HRGECs were exposed to X-ray with doses of 0, 0.1, 0.5, 1.0, and 
2.0 Gy. The proliferation, viability, and apoptosis of HRGECs were examined by 
MTT assay, trypan blue staining assay, and TUNEL staining, respectively. The 
paracellular permeability was assessed by paracellular permeability assay. The 
expression of VE-cadherin was investigated via immunofluorescence assay. Western 
blot and qRT-PCR detected the expression levels of VE-cadherin and CLDN5. 
Besides, the expression levels of pVE-cadherin (pY658), TGF-β, TGF-βRI, Src, 
p-Src, Smad2, p-Smad2, Smad3, p-Smad3, SNAIL, SLUG, and apoptosis-related 
proteins were tested by Western blot.
RESULTS: The proliferation, viability, and apoptosis of HRGECs were not affected 
by low-dose (<2.0 Gy) X-ray irradiation. X-ray irradiation dose-dependently 
reduced the level of VE-cadherin, and VE-cadherin and CLDN5 levels were reduced 
with X-ray irradiation. The levels of pY658, p-Src, p-Smad2, and p-Smad3 were 
upregulated with the increase in X-ray dose. Besides, the paracellular 
permeability of HRGECs was increased by even low-dose (<2.0 Gy) X-ray 
irradiation. Therefore, low-dose X-ray irradiation reduced the cumulative 
content of VE-cadherin and increased the level of pY658 via activation of the 
TGF-β signaling pathway.
CONCLUSION: Even though low-dose X-ray exposure had no impact on proliferation, 
viability, and apoptosis of HRGECs, it increased the paracellular permeability 
by deterioration and downregulation of VE-cadherin through stimulating the TGF-β 
signaling pathway. This study built the framework for kidney response to 
low-dose irradiation exposure.

Copyright © 2022 Jilei Wang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5382420
PMCID: PMC9578893
PMID: 36267304 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have no conflicts of interest to 
declare.


239. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Oct 11;2022:1948766. doi: 
10.1155/2022/1948766. eCollection 2022.

HDAC2 Induces DNA Methyltransferase DNMT3B Expression to Regulate the Wnt 
Signaling Pathway and Thus Promotes Glioma Development and Progression.

Ren X(1), Jiang Z(1), Xu K(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Radiotherapy Center, Chongqing General Hospital, 
Chongqing, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Aug 9;2023:9864167. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9864167.

PURPOSE: To investigate the role and molecular mechanism of HDAC2 in glioma.
METHODS: GSE16011, GSE31262, and GSE90598 datasets were used to identify 
co-expressed genes, GO analysis, and KEGG analysis to identify gene enrichment 
pathways, and PPI networks were constructed to identify gene interrelationships. 
HDAC2 enrichment on DNMT3B promoter and DNMT3B enrichment on Bcl2 CpG island was 
detected by a ChIP assay. The expression, prognosis, and hierarchical 
distribution of HDAC2, DNMT3B, and Bcl2 were examined in the CGGA database, and 
the correlation between HDAC2 and DNMT3B, Bcl2, and DNMT3B and Bcl2 was 
assessed.
RESULTS: The HDAC2-DNMT3B-Bcl2 axis is differentially expressed and interacts in 
gliomas. HDAC2 activates the transcriptional activity of DNMT3B, and DNMT3B 
inhibits the expression of Bcl2. HDAC2 and DNMT3B are highly expressed in 
gliomas and have a poor prognosis, while Bcl2 is lowly expressed in gliomas and 
has a good prognosis.
CONCLUSION: HDAC2 promotes DNMT3B transcriptional repression of Bcl2 expression 
and Wnt pathway activity, thereby activating glioma cell activity in vitro and 
in vivo.

Copyright © 2022 Xing Ren et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/1948766
PMCID: PMC9578850
PMID: 36267089

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


240. Mol Med Rep. 2022 Dec;26(6):357. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2022.12873. Epub 2022 Oct 20.

[Retracted] MicroRNA‑874 inhibits proliferation and invasion of pancreatic 
ductal adenocarcinoma cells by directly targeting paired box 6.

Diao J(1), Su X(2), Cao L(3), Yang Y(3), Liu Y(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology and Hematology, China‑Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, Changchun, Jilin 130033, P.R. China.
(2)School of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Jilin University, Changchun, Jilin 130012, 
P.R. China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Jilin Cancer Hospital, Changchun, Jilin 
130012, P.R. China.
(4)Department of Oncology, Jilin Cancer Hospital, Changchun, Jilin 130012, P.R. 
China.

Retraction of
    Mol Med Rep. 2018 Jul;18(1):1188-1196. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2018.9069.

Following the publication of this paper, it was drawn to the Editors' attention 
by a concerned reader that certain of the data shown for the cell migration and 
invasion assays in Figs. 2C, 4C and 5C were strikingly similar to data appearing 
in different form in other articles by different authors. Owing to the fact that 
the contentious data in the above article had already been published elsewhere, 
or were already under consideration for publication, prior to its submission to 
Molecular Medicine Reports, the Editor has decided that this paper should be 
retracted from the Journal. The authors were asked for an explanation to account 
for these concerns, but the Editorial Office did not receive a reply. The Editor 
apologizes to the readership for any inconvenience caused. [Molecular Medicine 
Reports 18: 1188‑1196, 2018; DOI: 10.3892/mmr.2018.9069].

DOI: 10.3892/mmr.2022.12873
PMCID: PMC9641714
PMID: 36263599


241. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Sep 19;2022:8311535. doi: 10.1155/2022/8311535. 
eCollection 2022.

Analysis of the Correlation of Basic Fibroblast Growth Factor in Serum of 
Patients with Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma with Clinicopathological Efficacy 
and International Prognostic Index.

Pan Y(1), Han P(1), Fang F(1), Xiao H(1), Zhu L(1), Pu J(2), Hou P(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Clinical Laboratory, Lianshui People's Hospital Affiliated to 
Kangda College of Nanjing Medical University, Huai'an 223400, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Lianshui People's Hospital Affiliated to Kangda 
College of Nanjing Medical University, Huai'an 223400, China.

Retraction in
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9828072. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9828072.

The correlation of basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF) in serum of patients 
with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) with clinicopathological efficacy and 
International Prognostic Index (IPI) is analyzed. 115 DLBCL patients admitted to 
our hospital for treatment from June 2020 to June 2021 are selected as the DLBCL 
patient group, 65 healthy subjects who received physical examination in our 
hospital during the same period are selected as the healthy control group, and 
the serum bFGF levels of DLBCL group and healthy control group are observed 
before treatment. The experimental results show that the serum bFGF expression 
of DLBCL patients is decreased significantly after chemotherapy, and the serum 
bFGF expression of DLBCL patients is closely related to the treatment effect, 
disease progression, tumor invasion, and prognosis, which has important clinical 
significance for judging the disease, treatment effect, and prognosis of 
patients.

Copyright © 2022 Yan Pan et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/8311535
PMCID: PMC9553490
PMID: 36263003 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


242. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Oct 5;2022:5687245. doi: 10.1155/2022/5687245. 
eCollection 2022.

The Expression of hnRNP A2/B1 in Benign and Malignant Lung Lesions and Its Early 
Diagnosis Value in NSCLC.

Gu W(1), Gao X(2), Wang L(1), Deng G(1), Huang J(1), Yang J(1), Liu Y(1), Liu 
Q(3), Sang H(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Respiratory Medicine, Shanghai Pudong New Area People's 
Hospital, Shanghai 201200, China.
(2)Department of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine, Minhang Hospital, Fudan 
University, Shanghai 266119, China.
(3)Neurology Department, Lianshui County People's Hospital, Lianshui 223400, 
China.
(4)Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, Shanghai Jiaotong University Affiliated 
Sixth People's Hospital, Shanghai 201306, China.

Retraction in
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9827647. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9827647.

Lung cancer in its occurrence and development of different stages exist 
different biological behavior changes. This paper studies the expression of 
heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein (hnRNP) A2/B1 in benign and malignant 
lung lesions and its early diagnosis value of nonsmall-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), 
aiming to provide reference for the early diagnosis and therapy of NSCLC. Some 
lung surgery specimens are selected from January 2021 to March 2022. All cases 
received no radiotherapy and chemotherapy before surgery, including 90 sufferers 
with benign lung lesions as the contrast set. hnRNP A2/B1 expressions are 
measured for comparison. The experimental results show that for lung cancer 
sufferers, the positive expression of hnRNP A2/B1 in their malignant lesion 
tissue is notoriously higher than that in their benign lesion tissue, and hnRNP 
A2/B1 is differently expressed in different differentiation and in different 
stages.

Copyright © 2022 Wenchao Gu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5687245
PMCID: PMC9556203
PMID: 36262980 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


243. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Occup Ther Int. 2022 Oct 3;2022:1064441. doi: 10.1155/2022/1064441. eCollection 
2022.

Analysis of Rehabilitation Occupational Therapy Techniques Based on Instrumental 
Music Chinese Tonal Language Spectrogram Analysis.

Liao Y(1).

Author information:
(1)College of Air services and Music, Nanchang Hangkong University, Nanchang 
330063, China.

Retraction in
    Occup Ther Int. 2023 Oct 18;2023:9861902. doi: 10.1155/2023/9861902.

This paper provides an in-depth analysis of timbre-speech spectrograms in 
instrumental music, designs a model analysis of rehabilitation occupational 
therapy techniques based on the analysis of timbre-speech spectrograms in 
instrumental music, and tests the models for comparison. Starting from the 
mechanism of human articulation, this paper models the process of human 
expression as a time-varying linear system consisting of excitation, vocal 
tract, and radiation models. The system's overall architecture is designed 
according to the characteristics of Chinese speech and everyday speech 
rehabilitation theory (HSL theory). The dual judgment of temporal threshold and 
short-time average energy realized the phonetic length training. Tone and clear 
tone training were achieved by linear predictive coding technique (LPC) and 
autocorrelation function. Using the DTW technique, isolated word speech 
recognition was achieved by extracting Mel-scale Frequency Cepstral Coefficients 
(MFCC) parameters of speech signals. The system designs corresponding training 
scenes for each training module according to the extracted speech parameters, 
combines the multimedia speech spectrogram motion situation with the speech 
parameters, and finally presents the training content as a speech spectrogram, 
and evaluates the training results through human-machine interaction to 
stimulate the interest of rehabilitation therapy and realize the speech 
rehabilitation training of patients. After analyzing the pre- and post-test 
data, it was found that the p-values of all three groups were <0.05, which was 
judged to be significantly different. Also, all subjects changed their 
behavioral data during the treatment. Therefore, it was concluded that the music 
therapy technique could improve the patients' active gaze communication ability, 
verbal command ability, and active question-answering ability after summarizing 
the data, i.e., the hypothesis of this experiment is valid. Therefore, it is 
believed that the technique of timbre-speech spectrogram analysis in 
instrumental music can achieve the effect of rehabilitation therapy to a certain 
extent.

Copyright © 2022 Ying Liao.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/1064441
PMCID: PMC9550466
PMID: 36262378 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The author declares that there are no known 
competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared 
to influence the work reported in this paper.


244. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Technol Cancer Res Treat. 2022 Jan-Dec;21:15330338221132078. doi: 
10.1177/15330338221132078.

CRISPR/Cas9: A revolutionary genome editing tool for human cancers treatment.

Akram F(1), Haq IU(1)(2), Sahreen S(1), Nasir N(1), Naseem W(1), Imitaz M(1), 
Aqeel A(1).

Author information:
(1)Institute of Industrial Biotechnology, 66878Government College University, 
Lahore, Pakistan.
(2)Pakistan Academy of Sciences, Islamabad, Pakistan.

Retraction in
    Technol Cancer Res Treat. 2024 Jan-Dec;23:15330338241240520. doi: 
10.1177/15330338241240520.

Cancer is a genetic disease stemming from genetic and epigenetic mutations and 
is the second most common cause of death across the globe. Clustered regularly 
interspaced short palindromic repeats (CRISPR) is an emerging gene-editing tool, 
acting as a defense system in bacteria and archaea. CRISPR/Cas9 technology holds 
immense potential in cancer diagnosis and treatment and has been utilized to 
develop cancer disease models such as medulloblastoma and glioblastoma mice 
models. In diagnostics, CRISPR can be used to quickly and efficiently detect 
genes involved in various cancer development, proliferation, metastasis, and 
drug resistance. CRISPR/Cas9 mediated cancer immunotherapy is a well-known 
treatment option after surgery, chemotherapy, and radiation therapy. It has 
marked a turning point in cancer treatment. However, despite its advantages and 
tremendous potential, there are many challenges such as off-target effects, 
editing efficiency of CRISPR/Cas9, efficient delivery of CRISPR/Cas9 components 
into the target cells and tissues, and low efficiency of HDR, which are some of 
the main issues and need further research and development for completely 
clinical application of this novel gene editing tool. Here, we present a 
CRISPR/Cas9 mediated cancer treatment method, its role and applications in 
various cancer treatments, its challenges, and possible solution to counter 
these challenges.

DOI: 10.1177/15330338221132078
PMCID: PMC9580090
PMID: 36254536 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of 
interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this 
article.


245. Philos Trans R Soc Lond B Biol Sci. 2022 Dec 5;377(1865):20210265. doi: 
10.1098/rstb.2021.0265. Epub 2022 Oct 17.

How two extraembryonic epithelia became one: serosa and amnion features and 
functions of Drosophila's amnioserosa.

Schmidt-Ott U(1), Kwan CW(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Organismal Biology and Anatomy, University of Chicago, 1027 
East 57th Street, Chicago, IL 60637, USA.
(2)Laboratory for Epithelial Morphogenesis, RIKEN Center for Biosystems Dynamics 
Research, 2-2-3 Minatojima-minamimachi, Chuo-ku, Kobe, Hyogo 650-0047, Japan.

The conservation of gene networks that specify and differentiate distinct 
tissues has long been a subject of great interest to evolutionary developmental 
biologists, but the question of how pre-existing tissue-specific developmental 
trajectories merge is rarely asked. During the radiation of flies, two 
extraembryonic epithelia, known as serosa and amnion, evolved into one, called 
amnioserosa. This unique extraembryonic epithelium is found in fly species of 
the group Schizophora, including the genetic model organism Drosophila 
melanogaster, and has been studied in depth. Close relatives of this group 
develop a serosa and a rudimentary amnion. The scuttle fly Megaselia abdita has 
emerged as an excellent model organism to study this extraembryonic tissue 
organization. In this review, development and functions of the extraembryonic 
tissue complements of Drosophila and Megaselia are compared. It is concluded 
that the amnioserosa combines cells, genetic pathway components and functions 
that were previously associated either with serosa development or amnion 
development. The composite developmental trajectory of the amnioserosa raises 
the question of whether merging tissue-specific gene networks is a common 
evolutionary process. This article is part of the theme issue 'Extraembryonic 
tissues: exploring concepts, definitions and functions across the animal 
kingdom'.

DOI: 10.1098/rstb.2021.0265
PMCID: PMC9574642
PMID: 36252222 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


246. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Sep 29;2022:6857685. doi: 10.1155/2022/6857685. 
eCollection 2022.

Diagnostic and Prognostic Value of DACH1 Methylation in the Sensitivity of 
Esophageal Cancer to Radiotherapy.

Huang J(1), Zhu W(1), Wang W(1), Xu Y(1), Jiang L(1), Gu Z(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, The Affiliated Huaian No.1 People's 
Hospital of Nanjing Medical University, Huaian 223300, Jiangsu, China.
(2)Department of Vascular Surgery, The Affiliated Huaian No.1 People's Hospital 
of Nanjing Medical University, Huaian 223300, Jiangsu, China.

Retraction in
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Aug 16;2023:9812160. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9812160.

To detect the methylation status of the cell fate determinant (DACH1) gene in 
esophageal cancer tissues and to explore the predictive value of methylation of 
DACH1 on the sensitivity to radiotherapy for esophageal cancer. Cancer tissues, 
corresponding paracancerous tissues, and 30 specimens of normal esophageal 
mucosal tissues from 70 patients admitted to the hospital after radical 
esophageal cancer radiotherapy from January 2016 to April 2017 were collected. 
The methylation status of DACH1 was detected by a methylation-specific 
polymerase chain reaction (MSP). The 70 esophageal cancer patients were divided 
into radiotherapy-sensitive and radiotherapy-insensitive groups according to the 
efficacy of radiotherapy, and the methylation status of DACH1 was compared 
between the two groups. The χ 2 test was used to analyze the relationship 
between the methylation status of DACH1 and the clinicopathological 
characteristics of esophageal cancer patients. The Kaplan-Meier survival curve 
was used to analyze the relationship between the methylation status of DACH1 and 
radiotherapy sensitivity and survival of esophageal cancer patients, and the Cox 
proportional risk model was used to analyze the independent influencing factors 
affecting the radiotherapy sensitivity of esophageal cancer patients. The 
methylation rate of DACH1 in esophageal cancer tissues was higher than that in 
paracancerous tissues and normal tissues, and the differences were statistically 
significant (P < 0.05). 70 patients with esophageal cancer completed 
radiotherapy, including 46 patients with radiotherapy sensitivity and 24 
patients with radiotherapy insensitivity. The DACH1 methylation rate of 
esophageal cancer patients in the radiotherapy-sensitive group was lower than 
that in the radiotherapy-insensitive group, and the difference was statistically 
significant (P < 0.05). The DACH1 methylation rate of esophageal cancer patients 
with TNM stage (III-IV), tumor differentiation degree (hypofractionation), and 
lymph node metastasis was higher, and the difference was statistically 
significant (P < 0.05). The Kaplan-Meier curve showed that the median survival 
time of patients with DACH1 methylation before radiotherapy was 23 months, which 
was shorter than that of patients with DACH1 unmethylation before radiotherapy 
(36 months), and the difference between the survival curves of the two groups 
was statistically significant (χ 2 = 7.425, P < 0.05); the median survival time 
of patients in the radiotherapy-sensitive group was 39 months, which was longer 
than that of patients in the radiotherapy-insensitive group (25 months), and the 
difference between the two groups was statistically significant (P < 0.05). The 
median survival time of patients in the radiotherapy-sensitive group was 39 
months, which was longer than that of patients in the radiotherapy-insensitive 
group (25 months), and the difference in survival curves between the two groups 
was statistically significant (χ 2 = 7.011, P < 0.05). The results of the 
multifactorial Cox regression model showed that TNM stage (stage III-IV) 
(HR = 1.961, 95% CI: 1.125-2.768), tumor hypofractionation (HR = 1.453, 95% CI: 
1.034-2.857), presence of lymph node metastasis (HR = 1.499, 95% CI: 
1.025-2.851), and DACH1 methylation (HR = 1.718, 95% CI: 1.067-2.596) may 
increase the risk of insensitivity to radiotherapy in patients with esophageal 
cancer (P < 0.05). The rate of DACH1 methylation in esophageal cancer tissues 
was increased, and the methylation status of DACH1 was related to radiotherapy 
sensitivity and survival of esophageal cancer patients, which is expected to be 
a new target for diagnosis and treatment of esophageal cancer patients.

Copyright © 2022 Jing Huang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/6857685
PMCID: PMC9537014
PMID: 36247858 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


247. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cardiovasc Toxicol. 2022 Nov;22(10-11):916-928. doi: 10.1007/s12012-022-09768-0. 
Epub 2022 Oct 15.

Dapagliflozin Guards Against Cadmium-Induced Cardiotoxicity via Modulation of 
IL6/STAT3 and TLR2/TNFα Signaling Pathways.

Refaie MMM(1), Rifaai RA(2), Fawzy MA(3), Shehata S(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Medicine, Minia University, El-Minia, 
61511, Egypt. marwamonier@yahoo.com.
(2)Department of Histology and Cell Biology, Faculty of Medicine, Minia 
University, El-Minia, 61511, Egypt.
(3)Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Pharmacy, Minia University, El-Minia, 
61511, Egypt.
(4)Department of Cardiology, Faculty of Medicine, Minia University, El-Minia, 
61511, Egypt.

Retraction in
    Cardiovasc Toxicol. 2023 Apr;23(3-4):176. doi: 10.1007/s12012-023-09787-5.

Cadmium (Cd) is a common environmental pollutant that leads to severe 
cardiotoxic hazards. Several studies were carried out to protect the myocardium 
against Cd-induced cardiotoxicity. Up till now, no researches evaluated the 
protective effect of dapagliflozin (DAP) against Cd induced cardiotoxicity. 
Thus, we aimed to explore the role of DAP in such model with deep studying of 
the involved mechanisms. 40 male Wistar albino rats were included in current 
study. Cd (5 mg/kg/day) was administered orally for 7 days to induce 
cardiotoxicity with or without co-administration of DAP in three different doses 
(2.5, 5, 10 mg/kg/day) orally for 7 days. Our data revealed that Cd could induce 
cardiotoxicity with significant increase in serum cardiac enzymes, heart weight, 
tissue malondialdehyde (MDA), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFα), nuclear factor 
kappa B (NFκB), toll like receptor2 (TLR2), interleukin 6 (IL6) and caspase3 
immunoexpression with abnormal histopathological changes. In addition, Cd 
significantly decreased the level of heme oxygenase1 (HO1), nuclear factor 
erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2), signal transducer and activator of 
transcription (STAT3), reduced glutathione (GSH), glutathione peroxidase (GPx), 
and total antioxidant capacity (TAC). Co-administration of DAP could ameliorate 
Cd cardiotoxicity with significant improvement of the biochemical and 
histopathological changes. We found that DAP had protective properties against 
Cd induced cardiotoxicity and this may be due to its anti-oxidant, 
anti-inflammatory, anti-apoptotic properties and modulation of IL6/STAT3 and 
TLR2/TNFα-signaling pathways.

© 2022. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1007/s12012-022-09768-0
PMCID: PMC9606062
PMID: 36242756 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


248. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Sep 26;2022:8579279. doi: 10.1155/2022/8579279. 
eCollection 2022.

Screening Tumor-Related Genes of Gallbladder Cancer Based on AR-Based Tumor 
Expression Profile Gene Chip.

Guo J(1), Gong T(1), Hui B(1), Zhao X(1), Li J(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xi'an 
Jiaotong University, Xi'an 710061, Shaanxi, China.

Retraction in
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Nov 29;2023:9892082. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9892082.

The rapid development of molecular biology and gene chip technology has produced 
a large amount of gene expression profile data. The main research in this 
article is to screen the tumor-related genes of gallbladder cancer based on 
AR-based tumor expression profile gene chip. First, convert the chip data into 
an expression matrix pattern that can be analyzed, and then standardize and 
normalize all the data. Run ReliefF, GA, and IReliefF-GA on the data set, record 
the size of the feature subset, and use the tenfold cross-validation method to 
obtain the classification accuracy, specificity, and sensitivity of each method 
on the classifier. The target genes used in the chip were amplified by PCR with 
the universal primers used in cDNA library construction, and the quality of PCR 
was monitored by agarose gel electrophoresis. The gene chip data of gallbladder 
cancer was processed with missing values, singular values, and so forth, and 
22294 transcripts were obtained. After statistical testing, there were 9483 
transcripts with statistically significant differences. The results show that as 
the number of clusters increases, the network can be better reconstructed 
through decomposition modeling.

Copyright © 2022 Jia Guo et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/8579279
PMCID: PMC9529521
PMID: 36237581 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest with any financial organizations regarding the material reported in 
this manuscript.


249. Dysphagia. 2023 Aug;38(4):1106-1116. doi: 10.1007/s00455-022-10532-3. Epub 2022 
Oct 13.

Relating Physiologic Swallowing Impairment, Functional Swallowing Ability, and 
Swallow-Specific Quality of Life.

Hazelwood RJ(1), Armeson KE(2), Hill EG(2), Bonilha HS(3), Martin-Harris 
B(4)(5)(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Rehabilitation Sciences, Beaver College of Health Sciences, 
Appalachian State University, Boone, NC, USA. hazelwoodrj@appstate.edu.
(2)Department of Public Health Sciences, College of Medicine, Medical University 
of South Carolina, Charleston, SC, USA.
(3)Department of Health Sciences and Research, College of Health Professions, 
Medical University of South Carolina, Charleston, SC, USA.
(4)Roxelyn and Richard Pepper Department of Communication Sciences and 
Disorders, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL, USA.
(5)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery and Radiation Oncology, 
Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, Chicago, IL, USA.
(6)Edward Hines, Jr. VA Hospital, Hines, IL, USA.

Many studies include functional swallowing ability and quality of life 
information to indicate a response to a specific swallowing intervention or to 
describe the natural history of dysphagia across diseases and conditions. Study 
results are difficult to interpret because the association between these factors 
and actual swallowing impairment is not understood. We set out to test the 
associations between components of physiologic swallowing impairment, functional 
swallowing ability, and swallow-specific quality of life using standardized and 
validated measurement tools: Modified Barium Swallow Impairment Profile 
(MBSImP), Functional Oral Intake Scale (FOIS), Eating Assessment Tool (EAT-10), 
and Dysphagia Handicap Index (DHI). We specifically aimed to understand which 
factors may contribute to the overall relationships between these measurement 
tools when analyzed using total scores and item-level scores. This study 
included a heterogeneous cohort of 273 outpatients who underwent a modified 
barium swallow study (MBSS). We found significant correlations between MBSImP 
total scores and FOIS scores and DHI total scores, but not between MBSImP total 
scores and EAT-10 total scores. Significant correlations were also found between 
MBSImP item-level component scores and FOIS scores, EAT-10 total scores, and DHI 
total scores. Detailed item-level analyses revealed the MBSImP components of 
bolus transport/lingual motion, oral residue, and tongue base retraction were 
correlated with EAT-10 item-level scores and DHI item-level scores. The 
clinically modest associations between physiologic swallowing impairment, 
functional swallowing ability, and swallow-specific quality of life reveal 
different factors that uniquely contribute to patients' overall dysphagic 
profile, emphasizing the clinical impact of a comprehensive swallowing 
assessment.

© 2022. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business 
Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.

DOI: 10.1007/s00455-022-10532-3
PMCID: PMC10097835
PMID: 36229718 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Dr. R. Jordan Hazelwood: Salary from Appalachian 
State University; ASHFoundation Researcher-Clinician Collaboration Grant; 
Appalachian State University Research Council Grant. Mr. Kent E. Armeson: Salary 
from the Medical University of South Carolina. Dr. Eliɀabeth G. Hill: Salary 
from the Medical University of South Carolina. Dr. Heather Shaw Bonilha: Salary 
from the Medical University of South Carolina; Bracco Diagnostics consultant. 
Dr.Bonnie Martin-Harris: Salary from Northwestern University; NIH/NIDCD 
K23DC005764 grant; NIH/NIDCD 2K24DC012801-0; VA Merit Review Award 5101RX002352; 
Bracco Diagnostics fellowship; royalties from Northern Speech Services through 
Medical University of South Carolina Foundation for Research Development; MBSImP 
Royalty recipient from the Medical University of South Carolina owner and 
license guarantor to Northern Speech Services; Bracco Diagnostics consultant.


250. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Sep 23;2022:3417480. doi: 10.1155/2022/3417480. 
eCollection 2022.

Prediction of Changes in Tumor Regression during Radiotherapy for Nasopharyngeal 
Carcinoma by Using the Computed Tomography-Based Radiomics.

Yang Y(1), Wu J(1), Mai W(1), Li H(1).

Author information:
(1)Medical Imaging Center, The First Affliated Hospital of Jinan University, 
Guangzhou 510630, China.

Retraction in
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Jul 26;2023:9809608. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9809608.

This work aimed to explore the application value of computed tomography 
(CT)-based radiomics in predicting changes in tumor regression during 
radiotherapy for nasopharyngeal carcinoma. In this work, 144 patients with 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma who underwent concurrent chemoradiotherapy (CCRT) in 
our hospital from January 2015 to December 2021 were selected. The patients were 
divided into a radiosensitive group (79 cases) and an insensitive group (65 
cases) according to the tumor volume shrinkage during radiotherapy. The 3D 
Slicer 4.10.2 software was used to delineate the tumor region of interest (ROI), 
and a total of 1223 radiomics features were extracted using the radiomics module 
under the software. After between-group and within-group consistency tests, 
one-way ANOVA, and LASSO dimensionality reduction, three omics features were 
finally selected for the establishment of predictive models. At the same time, 
the age, gender, tumor T stage and N stage, hemoglobin, and albumin of the 
patients were collected to establish a clinical prediction model. The results 
showed that compared with logistic regression, decision tree, random forest, and 
AdaBoost models, the SVM model based on CT radiomics features had the best 
performance in predicting tumor regression changes during tumor radiotherapy 
(training group area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC): 
0.840 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.764-0.916); validation group: AUC: 0.810 
(95% CI: 0.676-0.944)). Compared with the supported vector machine (SVM) 
prediction model based on clinical features, the SVM model based on radiomics 
features had better performance in predicting the change of retraction during 
tumor radiotherapy (training group: omics feature SVM model AUC: 0.84, clinical 
feature SVM model: 0.78; validation group: omics feature SVM model AUC: 0.8, 
clinical feature SVM model: 0.58, P = 0.044). Based on the radiomics 
characteristics and clinical characteristics of patients, a nomo prediction map 
was established, and the calibration curve shows good consistency, which can be 
visualized to assist clinical judgment. In this work, the prediction model 
composed of CT-based radiomic features combined with clinical features can 
accurately predict withdrawal changes during tumor radiotherapy, ensuring the 
accuracy of treatment planning, and minimizing the number of CT scans during 
radiotherapy.

Copyright © 2022 Yu Yang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/3417480
PMCID: PMC9525792
PMID: 36226269 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


251. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Sep 23;2022:1193075. doi: 
10.1155/2022/1193075. eCollection 2022.

Analysis of Immunotherapy Combined with Radiotherapy in Patients with Brain 
Metastasis of Driver Gene-Negative Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.

Zhang Q(1)(2)(3), Zhou S(2), Yin H(2), Zhu C(2), Li D(2), Li X(1)(4).

Author information:
(1)Jinan University, Guangzhou 510632, Guangdong, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Bengbu Medical 
College, Bengbu 233000, Anhui, China.
(3)Anhui Province Key Laboratory of Translational Cancer Research, Bengbu 
Medical College, Bengbu 233030, Anhui, China.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, The 2nd Clinical Medical College (Shenzhen 
People's Hospital) of Jinan University, Shenzhen 518020, Guangdong, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9863019. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9863019.

PURPOSE: To observe the remission rate and side effects of immunotherapy 
combined with radiotherapy in patients with brain metastasis of driver 
gene-negative non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
METHODS: 152 patients with NSCLC brain metastasis admitted to our hospital from 
January 2019 to December 2021 were selected as the research objects. Patients 
were divided into a single group (85 cases) and a combined group (67 cases) 
according to treatment methods. The therapeutic effects and side effects of the 
single group and combined group were compared. In addition, the patients who 
received immunotherapy combined with radiotherapy were divided into three 
subgroups: A, B, and C, and the therapeutic effects and side effects of 
different radiotherapy modes were compared among group A [whole brain 
radiotherapy (WBRT)], group B (WBRT combined with local radiotherapy) and group 
C (local radiotherapy).
RESULTS: The objective response rate (ORR) and disease control rate (DCR) in the 
combined group were higher than those in the single group (P < 0.05). The 
incidence of reactive capillary hyperplasia and immune-related pneumonia in the 
combined group were higher than that in the single group (P < 0.05). There was 
no significant difference in the incidence of other side effects between the two 
groups (P > 0.05). ORR and DCR in group B were higher than those in group A (P < 
0.05). There was no significant difference in the incidence of side effects 
among the three groups (P > 0.05).
CONCLUSION: Immunotherapy combined with radiotherapy is effective in patients 
with brain metastasis of driver gene-negative NSCLC, which can improve the 
disease control rate without increasing the side effects. In addition, WBRT 
combined with local push radiotherapy is effective and safe. Clinical Study 
Registration Number. The Clinical study registration number is K2019086.

Copyright © 2022 Qun Zhang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/1193075
PMCID: PMC9550440
PMID: 36225182

Conflict of interest statement: To the best of our knowledge, the authors 
declare that they have no conflicts of interest, financial or otherwise.


252. J Int Med Res. 2022 Oct;50(10):3000605221128092. doi: 10.1177/03000605221128092.

Clinical analysis of 78 pulmonary sarcomatoid carcinomas with surgical 
treatment.

Gong T(1), Jia B(2), Chen C(2), Zhang Z(2), Wang C(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Oncology, Tianjin Medical University General Hospital, 
Tianjin, China.
(2)Department of Lung Cancer, Tianjin Lung Cancer Center, Tianjin Medical 
University Cancer Institute and Hospital, National Clinical Research Center for 
Cancer, Key Laboratory of Cancer Prevention and Therapy, Tianjin's Clinical 
Research Center for Cancer, Tianjin, China.

OBJECTIVE: To evaluate clinical factors influencing the postoperative pulmonary 
sarcomatoid carcinoma (PSCs) prognosis.
METHODS: We retrospectively evaluated patients with PSCs treated from October 
2012 to October 2017. Kaplan-Meier survival curves were calculated using 
univariable analysis (log-rank test). Univariable/multivariable Cox regression 
analysis was also performed.
RESULTS: Mixed PSCs were most common (64.10%). Pure PSCs occurred more often 
with large tumors compared with mixed PSCs. Patients with vs without pleural 
retraction, respectively, had significantly worse overall survival (OS; 16 vs 23 
months) and disease-free survival (DFS; 11 vs 20 months), and patients with 
airway dissemination had significantly shorter OS (14 vs 21 months) and DFS (11 
vs 20 months). Patients with PSC with an adenocarcinoma component had favorable 
OS. Airway dissemination, pleural retraction, metastatic mediastinal lymph node 
(LN) number, and pathological tumor-node-metastasis (pTNM) stage were risk 
factors for short OS. Neither adjuvant chemotherapy nor adjuvant radiotherapy 
provided a survival advantage. Airway dissemination was an independent 
prognostic factor (odds ratio, 1.87; 95% confidence interval, 1.04-3.36).
CONCLUSION: Pure PSCs were more likely with large tumors compared with mixed 
PSCs. Airway dissemination, pleural retraction, and metastatic mediastinal LN 
number were associated with OS. Airway dissemination was an independent 
prognostic factor.

DOI: 10.1177/03000605221128092
PMCID: PMC9561649
PMID: 36224744 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there is no conflict of 
interest.


253. J Chem Inf Model. 2022 Oct 24;62(20):4827-4836. doi: 10.1021/acs.jcim.2c00822. 
Epub 2022 Oct 11.

cardioToxCSM: A Web Server for Predicting Cardiotoxicity of Small Molecules.

Iftkhar S(1)(2)(3), de Sá AGC(1)(2)(3)(4), Velloso JPL(1)(2)(3), Aljarf 
R(2)(3)(4), Pires DEV(2)(3)(5), Ascher DB(1)(2)(3)(4).

Author information:
(1)School of Chemistry and Molecular Biosciences, University of Queensland, St 
Lucia 4072, Queensland, Australia.
(2)Systems and Computational Biology, Bio21 Institute, University of Melbourne, 
Parkville 3052, Victoria, Australia.
(3)Computational Biology and Clinical Informatics, Baker Heart and Diabetes 
Institute, Melbourne 3004, Victoria, Australia.
(4)Baker Department of Cardiometabolic Health, Melbourne Medical School, 
University of Melbourne, Parkville 3010, Victoria, Australia.
(5)School of Computing and Information Systems, University of Melbourne, 
Parkville 3052, Victoria, Australia.

The design of novel, safe, and effective drugs to treat human diseases is a 
challenging venture, with toxicity being one of the main sources of attrition at 
later stages of development. Failure due to toxicity incurs a significant 
increase in costs and time to market, with multiple drugs being withdrawn from 
the market due to their adverse effects. Cardiotoxicity, for instance, was 
responsible for the failure of drugs such as fenspiride, propoxyphene, and 
valdecoxib. While significant effort has been dedicated to mitigate this issue 
by developing computational approaches that aim to identify molecules likely to 
be toxic, including quantitative structure-activity relationship models and 
machine learning methods, current approaches present limited performance and 
interpretability. To overcome these, we propose a new web-based computational 
method, cardioToxCSM, which can predict six types of cardiac toxicity outcomes, 
including arrhythmia, cardiac failure, heart block, hERG toxicity, hypertension, 
and myocardial infarction, efficiently and accurately. cardioToxCSM was 
developed using the concept of graph-based signatures, molecular descriptors, 
toxicophore matchings, and molecular fingerprints, leveraging explainable 
machine learning, and was validated internally via different cross validation 
schemes and externally via low-redundancy blind sets. The models presented 
robust performances with areas under ROC curves of up to 0.898 on 5-fold 
cross-validation, consistent with metrics on blind tests. Additionally, our 
models provide interpretation of the predictions by identifying whether 
substructures that are commonly enriched in toxic compounds were present. We 
believe cardioToxCSM will provide valuable insight into the potential 
cardiotoxicity of small molecules early on drug screening efforts. The method is 
made freely available as a web server at 
https://biosig.lab.uq.edu.au/cardiotoxcsm.

DOI: 10.1021/acs.jcim.2c00822
PMID: 36219164 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


254. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Sep 30;2022:6946051. doi: 
10.1155/2022/6946051. eCollection 2022.

miR-28-5p's Targeting of GAGE12I Inhibits Proliferation, Migration, and Invasion 
of Gastric Cancer in Vitro.

Xu R(1)(2), Guo Q(1)(2), Zhao P(1)(2), Lu H(1)(2), Zhang B(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy & Oncology, The Second Affiliated Hospital of 
Soochow University, Suzhou, China.
(2)Institute of Radiation Oncology, Soochow University, Suzhou, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9819238. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9819238.

GAGE12I is a tumor metastasis-promoting factor, which can induce gastric cancer 
cells to invade and migrate. We investigated the effect of miR-28-5p targeting 
GAGE12I on proliferation, invasion, and migration of human gastric cancer cell 
lines SGC-7901, AGS, and MGC-803. The expression levels of miR-28-5p and GAGE12I 
were detected by real-time PCR and western blot, respectively. Cell 
proliferation, migration, and invasion were measured by MTT and Transwell 
chamber. The interaction between miR-28-5p and GAGE12I was investigated by 
bioinformatics analysis and luciferase assay. Results showed that the expression 
of miR-28-5p in human gastric cancer cell lines was lower than that in normal 
gastric epithelial cells (P < 0.05). Overexpression of miR-28-5p suppressed cell 
proliferation, invasion, and migration (P < 0.05). GAGE12I was confirmed as a 
target of miR-28-5p. Cell proliferation, invasion, and migration were decreased 
in cells transfected with shGAGE12I compared with those of the scrambled group 
(P < 0.05). Collectively, miR-28-5p negatively regulated GAGE12I and reduced the 
proliferation, invasion, and migration of gastric cancer cells.

Copyright © 2022 Ruizhe Xu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/6946051
PMCID: PMC9546678
PMID: 36212971

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


255. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2022 Sep 29;2022:9421738. doi: 10.1155/2022/9421738. eCollection 
2022.

Safety and Efficacy of CT-Guided Central Venous Catheter Gastric Insufflation in 
Percutaneous Gastrostomy.

Zhang W(1), Deng R(1), Chen B(1), Lv J(1), Zhu T(1), Huang M(1), Xu G(1), Liu 
F(1), Zhang T(1), Wang L(1), Yue J(1), Mu L(1), Zhang C(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, The First People's Hospital of Qujing, Qujing 655000, 
China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2023 Dec 29;2023:9786812. doi: 10.1155/2023/9786812.

Gastric insufflation for computed tomography (CT)-guided percutaneous 
gastrostomy is currently performed via a nasogastric tube or a Chiba needle. 
However, nasogastric tube placement requires patient pharynx and esophagus, and 
Chiba needle use is associated with an increased risk of organ damage and 
prolonged operation time. Herein, we introduce a new method of gastric 
insufflation via a central venous catheter and explore its safety and efficacy 
by retrospective analysis of the clinical data of patients who underwent 
percutaneous gastrostomy using this method in our hospital from April 2021 to 
March 2022. The extracted data included the following: success rate, operation 
time, gastric insufflation time, radiation dose, postoperative pain score, and 
complications. We also compared the preoperative levels of several nutritional 
indicators (body mass index, hemoglobin, albumin, creatinine, and blood urea 
nitrogen) with those obtained 1 month postoperatively. A total of 12 patients 
underwent percutaneous gastrostomy under CT guidance using central venous 
catheter gastric insufflation. The surgery and gastric insufflation success 
rates were 100% both. The average operation time, gastric insufflation time, and 
effective radiation dose were 24.08 ± 5.25 min, 5.08 ± 2.50 min, and 14.16 ± 
3.63 mSv, respectively. Based on the World Health Organization scale for pain 
assessment, five patients reported no postoperative pain and seven patients had 
mild pain. There were no serious complications, such as stoma infection, 
peritonitis, gastrointestinal perforation and bleeding, or embedding syndrome. 
All evaluated nutritional indicators showed improvement at 1 month 
postoperatively, with statistically significant differences compared to the 
preoperative values (p < 0.05 for all). In conclusion, CT-guided percutaneous 
gastrostomy with central venous catheter gastric insufflation is a safe, 
effective, and feasible minimally invasive treatment.

Copyright © 2022 Wen Zhang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9421738
PMCID: PMC9537001
PMID: 36212722 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interest.


256. Cell Death Dis. 2022 Oct 7;13(10):853. doi: 10.1038/s41419-022-05311-9.

Retraction Note: Identification of protein kinase inhibitors to reprogram breast 
cancer cells.

Yuan J(1)(2)(3), Zhang F(1), You M(1), Yang Q(4).

Author information:
(1)Cancer Biology Division, Department of Radiation Oncology, Washington 
University School of Medicine, Saint Louis, MO, 63108, USA.
(2)Medical Center of Stomatology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Jinan 
University, 510630, Guangzhou, China.
(3)School of Stomatology, Jinan University, 510630, Guangzhou, China.
(4)Cancer Biology Division, Department of Radiation Oncology, Washington 
University School of Medicine, Saint Louis, MO, 63108, USA. qyang@wustl.edu.

Retraction of
    Cell Death Dis. 2018 Sep 11;9(9):915. doi: 10.1038/s41419-018-1002-2.

DOI: 10.1038/s41419-022-05311-9
PMCID: PMC9546891
PMID: 36207317


257. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2022 Sep 26;2022:2513263. doi: 10.1155/2022/2513263. 
eCollection 2022.

Analysis and Validation of Differentially Expressed Ferroptosis-Related Genes in 
Regorafenib-Induced Cardiotoxicity.

Zhang S(1), Xu X(1), Li Z(2), Yi T(3), Ma J(1), Zhang Y(1), Li Y(1)(4).

Author information:
(1)The Second Affiliated Hospital of Harbin Medical University, Harbin, 
Heilongjiang 150000, China.
(2)Department of Biochemistry and Life Sciences, Faculty of Arts and Sciences, 
Queen's University, Kingston, Ontario, Canada 91761.
(3)Harbin Medical University, Harbin, Heilongjiang 150000, China.
(4)Key Laboratory of Myocardial Ischemia, Ministry of Education, Harbin Medical 
University, Harbin, Heilongjiang 150000, China.

Retraction in
    Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2023 Dec 29;2023:9862498. doi: 10.1155/2023/9862498.

BACKGROUND: Although tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) constitute a type of 
anticancer drugs, the underlying mechanisms of TKI-associated cardiotoxicity 
remain largely unknown. Ferroptosis is a regulated cell death form that 
implicated in several tumors' biological processes. Our objective was to probe 
into the differential expression of ferroptosis-related genes in 
regorafenib-induced cardiotoxicity through multiple bioinformatics analysis and 
validation.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: Four adult human cardiomyocyte cell lines treated with 
regorafenib were profiled using Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) (GSE146096). 
Differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were identified using DESeq2 in R 
(V.3.6.3). Then, Gene Ontology (GO) Enrichment Analysis, Kyoto Encyclopedia of 
Genes and Genomes (KEGG) Enrichment Analysis, and Gene Set Enrichment Analysis 
(GSEA) were used to explore DEGs' bioinformatics functions and enriched 
pathways. We intersected DEGs with 259 ferroptosis-related genes from the FerrDb 
database. Finally, the mRNA levels of differentially expressed 
ferroptosis-related genes (DEFRGs) were validated in regorafenib-cultured 
cardiomyocytes to anticipate the link between DEFRGs and cardiotoxicity.
RESULTS: 747,1127,773 and 969 DEGs were screened out in adult human 
cardiomyocyte lines A, B, D, and E, respectively. The mechanism by which REG 
promotes cardiotoxicity associated with ferroptosis may be regulated by 
PI3K-Akt, TGF-beta, and MAPK. GSEA demonstrated that REG can promote 
cardiotoxicity by suppressing genes and pathways encoding extracellular matrix 
and related proteins, oxidative phosphorylation, or ATF-2 transcription factor 
network. After overlapping DEGs with ferroptosis-related genes, we got seven 
DEFRGs and found that ATF3, MT1G, and PLIN2 were upregulated and DDIT4 was 
downregulated. The ROC curve demonstrated that these genes predict 
regorafenib-induced cardiotoxicity well.
CONCLUSION: We identified four DEFRGs which may become potential predictors and 
participate in the regorafenib-induced cardiotoxicity. Our findings provide 
possibility that targeting these ferroptosis-related genes may be an alternative 
for clinical prevention and therapy of regorafenib-related cardiotoxicity.

Copyright © 2022 Siyuan Zhang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2513263
PMCID: PMC9530921
PMID: 36204517 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there is no conflict of 
interest regarding the publication of this paper.


258. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Emerg Med Int. 2022 Sep 27;2022:4235316. doi: 10.1155/2022/4235316. eCollection 
2022.

Risk Factors of Catheter-Related Infection in Unplanned Extubation of Totally 
Implantable Venous-Accessportsin Tumor Patients.

Xu M(1), Deng L(1), Zhu Y(2), Li Y(3), Wang F(3), Li H(3), Zhou Y(3).

Author information:
(1)Breast Surgery Affiliated Cancer Hospital, Institute of Guangzhou Medical 
University, Guangzhou 510000, China.
(2)Radiotherapy Area 5, Affiliated Cancer Hospital, Institute of Guangzhou 
Medical University, Guangzhou 510000, China.
(3)Nursing Department Affiliated Cancer Hospital, Institute of Guangzhou Medical 
University, Guangzhou 510000, China.

Retraction in
    Emerg Med Int. 2023 Nov 29;2023:9805374. doi: 10.1155/2023/9805374.

BACKGROUND: Totally implantable intravenous ports (TIVAPs) are mostly used for 
long-term intravenous infusion therapy in cancer patients and can be left in the 
body for long periods of time for easy management, making them a simple and safe 
infusion device. Although the risks associated with long-term retention of fully 
implantable IV ports are less than those associated with other intravenous 
catheters, various complications may still occur at the time of implantation or 
during long-term use.
PURPOSE: To provide a scientific basis for clinical reduction of implantable 
intravenous port-associated infection complications by studying the risk factors 
for catheter-associated infection complications in patients applying implantable 
intravenous ports.
METHODS: A retrospective study was conducted on oncology patients treated with 
TIVAP at our hospital between January 2017 and November 2021, with a review of 
patients who were unplanned for extubation. Their demographic data, underlying 
disease status, and surgery-related data were counted to summarize and analyze 
the complications and related influencing factors of implantation and 
postimplantation.
RESULTS: A total of 70 individuals with a mean age of 56.49 ± 12.19 years were 
included in the study. Among them, 39 were male and 64 had the highest 
percentage of epithelial tumors, followed by tumors of the lymphopoiesis system 
and mesenchymal tumors with 4 and 2 cases, respectively. Forty-eight of these 
patients did not have their ports removed as planned due to the occurrence of 
catheter-related hematogenous infections. In univariate analysis, BMI and 
neutropenia were risk factors for catheter-associated infections. In the 
multivariate analysis, BMI (OR = 1.38, 95% CI: 1.07-1.78, p=0.013) was an 
independent risk factor for catheter-associated infections.
CONCLUSIONS: The overall complication rate of fully implanted intravenous ports 
was high, but most complications improved with symptomatic management, and no 
deaths due to port complications were identified. Infection was the most common 
complication, with catheter-associated bloodstream infection being the most 
common cause of unplanned port extraction. Patients with a higher BMI were at 
high risk of developing implantable IV port-associated infections, which may be 
an independent risk factor for implantable IV port-associated infections.

Copyright © 2022 Min Xu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/4235316
PMCID: PMC9532140
PMID: 36204335

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


259. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Sep 26;2022:7095423. doi: 10.1155/2022/7095423. 
eCollection 2022.

The Effect of Microwave Ablation Combined with Anti-PD-1 Monoclonal Antibody on 
T Cell Subsets and Long-Term Prognosis in Patients Suffering from Non-Small-Cell 
Lung Cancer.

Yu W(1), Sun J(2), Wang T(2), Du Y(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine, Yantai Yuhuangding 
Hospital, Yantai, Shandong 264001, China.
(2)Department of Interventional Therapy, Yantai Yuhuangding Hospital, Yantai, 
Shandong 264001, China.
(3)Department of Nuclear Medicine, Yantai Yuhuangding Hospital, Yantai, Shandong 
264001, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Dec 13;2023:9879478. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9879478.

OBJECTIVE: This research is aimed at studying the effect of microwave ablation 
combined with the antiprogrammed death- (PD-) 1 monoclonal antibody on T cell 
subsets and long-term prognosis in patients suffering from non-small-cell lung 
cancer (NSCLC).
METHODS: Employing the random number table technique, a total of 122 NSCLC 
patients who received treatment at our hospital between May 2015 and June 2019 
were selected and assigned to the observation group and the control group, and 
each group comprised 61 patients (n = 61). While the control group received only 
anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody treatment, the observation group received 
microwave ablation in combination with anti-PD-1 monoclonal antibody. The 
clinical efficacy was observed for both groups. The levels of T cell subsets 
(CD3+, CD4+, and CD8+), serum tumor markers (squamous cell carcinoma antigen 
(SCCA), cytokeratin Ig fragment (CYFRA21-1), and serum carcinoembryonic antigen 
(CEA)), nuclear factor kappa B (NF-κB), protease C (PKC), and mitogen-activated 
protein kinase (MAPK) mRNA expression between the two groups were compared. The 
frequency of adverse reactions was observed in both groups. The survival time of 
both the groups was recorded over the course of three years of follow-up. The 
Kaplan-Meier method was employed for analyzing the survival of both the control 
and the observation group.
RESULTS: The response rate (RR) of the observation group (80.33%) was 
considerably greater in comparison to that of the control group (62.30%) (P < 
0.05). Following treatment, the observation group's levels of CD3+, CD4+, CD8+, 
SCCA, CyFRA21-1, and CEA and the mRNA expressions of NF-κB, PKC, and MAPK were 
superior to those of the control group, with statistical significances (all P < 
0.05). Between the two groups, there was no significant difference in the 
occurrence of adverse reactions (P > 0.05). The observation group had greater 
1-, 2-, and 3-year survival rates (57.38%, 39.34%, and 29.51%) than the control 
group (32.79%, 18.03%, and 8.20%), with statistically significant differences 
(all P < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: Microwave ablation in combination with an anti-PD-1 monoclonal 
antibody could effectively improve the level of T cell subsets and serum tumor 
markers in NSCLC patients, resulting in a long-term prognosis of patients with 
good therapeutic effect and safety.

Copyright © 2022 Wenbo Yu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/7095423
PMCID: PMC9529420
PMID: 36199771 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


260. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Sep 25;2022:9554223. doi: 10.1155/2022/9554223. 
eCollection 2022.

Effects of Nursing Care for the Treatment of Patients with Bladder Cancer: A 
Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.

Gao Z(1), Fang L(1), Yin P(2), Deng Y(1), Pei M(1), Zhou T(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nursing, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Nanchang University, 
330029, China.
(2)Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, The Second Affiliated Hospital of 
Nanchang University, 330029, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Nov 29;2023:9876720. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9876720.

PURPOSE: In this study, a systematic review and meta-analysis were used to 
examine the effectiveness of nursing care in the treatment of bladder cancer 
patients. The platforms of PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science 
were used to conduct a thorough literature search.
METHODS: The searching approach was used to find the fundamental characteristics 
of 5 studies. Sample size ranged from 52 to 131,852, and total sample size was 
151,166. The study was looked up in PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science, with the 
most recent search being done in July 2022. Utilizing a standardized form, two 
independent reviewers gathered pertinent information from research that 
qualified as literature (17). Review Manager 5.3 used the data to examine the 
literature. Statistics were deemed significant at p < 0.05.
RESULTS: We discovered that more bladder cancer patients with T1+T2 tumor stages 
were receiving nursing care than those with T1+T2 tumor stages were receiving 
control care (mean difference =1.27, 95% CI: 1.20-1.35, p < 0.00001). The 
proportion of bladder cancer patients with T3+T4 tumor stage in the nursing care 
group was lower than the proportion of patients with T3+T4 tumor stage in the 
control group (mean difference = 1.07; 95% CI: 1.01-1.14; p < 0.00001). The 
difference between the number of bladder cancer patients receiving radiotherapy 
in the nursing care group and the control group was not statistically 
significant (mean difference = 1.07, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.99-1.16, p 
= 0.11). There were fewer patients with bladder cancer receiving chemotherapy in 
the nursing care group than that in the control group (mean difference = -0.02, 
95% CI: -0.0-0.02, p < 0.00001). The incidence rate of patients with bladder 
cancer with major complications in nursing care group was lower than that of 
patients with bladder cancer with major complications in control group (mean 
difference = 0.41 95% CI: 0.18-0.93, p = 0.03). When compared to patients with 
bladder cancer who had serious complications in the control group, the hospital 
death rate for nursing care patients had a greater incidence of bladder cancer 
patients (mean difference = 4.64 95% CI: 4.46-4.82, p < 0.00001).
CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated that the effects of nursing care reduced the 
incidence rate of chemotherapy and the frequency of severe problems in bladder 
cancer patients.

Copyright © 2022 Zhe Gao et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9554223
PMCID: PMC9527440
PMID: 36199769 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


261. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2022 Sep 24;2022:5217625. doi: 10.1155/2022/5217625. eCollection 
2022.

Medical Data Analysis of CYP1B1 Gene Polymorphism and Clinical Prognosis of 
Minimally Invasive Surgery for Lung Cancer.

Han X(1), Li D(1), Zhang S(1).

Author information:
(1)Xingtai People's Hospital, Xingtai, 054001 Hebei, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2023 Nov 29;2023:9819417. doi: 10.1155/2023/9819417.

To address the issue of genetic mutations in medical records, clinical studies 
on minimally invasive surgery for breast cancer have been proposed. The CYP1B1 
gene is mainly a single-nucleotide mutation, which affects the enzymatic 
reaction related to carcinogens and causes the susceptibility differences of 
different individuals. First, the survival rate and other factors influencing 
the estimation of 120 leukemia patients were examined with the help of various 
medical records by establishing an organization for auxiliary diagnosis of lung 
cancer based on expertise. Secondly, through the treatment of 120 leukemia 
patients after minor surgery, the average life expectancy of 120 patients was 19 
months, the one-year survival rate was 74.61%, and the two-year survival rate 
was 32.70%. Currently, there are more than 160 cases of CYP1B1 discovered. In 
recent years, people have gradually entered into in-depth research on the 
correlation between genes and lung cancer, which is of great significance to the 
treatment and research of lung cancer. An analysis showed patients' age, stage, 
whether they would work, whether radiation therapy and antibiotics were offered, 
and so on. s has a direct impact on patient survival, and many tests have shown 
that the patient's age, stage, whether it will work, and whether fire radiation 
and drug therapy are provided are important interventions for patients with 
anemia. Finally, in patients with leukemia, especially during the restricted 
period, combined treatment with a physician, radiologist, and surgeon should be 
initiated as soon as possible. For a wide range of disease, depending on the use 
of chemotherapy, local metastasis with antibiotics can improve the disease. 
After success, it is more beneficial to choose second-line treatment.

Copyright © 2022 Xia Han et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5217625
PMCID: PMC9526583
PMID: 36193313 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this article.


262. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Sep 24;2022:5067402. doi: 
10.1155/2022/5067402. eCollection 2022.

Camrelizumab and Apatinib Combined with Radiotherapy Is Effective in Advanced 
Oligometastatic Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.

Ye W(1), Song Z(2), Lin Z(3).

Author information:
(1)Respiratory Medicine, Shandong Provincial Third Hospital, Jinan 250031, 
Shandong, China.
(2)Department of General Practice, Shandong Provincial Third Hospital, Jinan 
250031, Shandong, China.
(3)Department of Oncology, Shandong Provincial Third Hospital, Jinan 250031, 
Shandong, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9826952. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9826952.

OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of camrelizumab + apatinib combined with 
radiotherapy on the expression of TRIM27, SCC-Ag, and CYFRA21-1 in advanced 
oligometastatic non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
METHODS: A retrospective analysis of patients with oligometastatic NSCLC who 
were treated at our hospital from January 1, 2021, to March 31, 2022. Patients 
who met the inclusion criteria were summarized into an observation group 
(camrelizumab on the basis of the control group), or a control group 
(radiotherapy combined with oral apatinib). The disease control rate, immune 
function, changes in the levels of TRIM27, SCC-Ag, CYFRA21-1, and the occurrence 
of adverse effects were compared between the two groups.
RESULT: There were 86 patients who met the inclusion criteria, with 53 cases in 
the observation group and 33 cases in the control group. There were significant 
differences in complete remission (CR, 25/53 vs. 10/33), partial remission (PR, 
17/53 vs. 12/33), disease control (DC, 7/53 vs. 4/33), disease progression (DP, 
4/53 vs. 7/33), and disease control rate (49/53 vs. 26/33) between the 
observation group and the control group. There was no significant difference in 
immune function between the two groups before treatment (p > 0.05). After 
treatment, the levels of CD3+, CD4+, CD4+/CD8+ t cells, and NK cells in the 
observation group were higher (p=0.015, 0.035, 0.003, 0.001, respectively), 
while the level of CD8+ t cells was lower (p < 0.001). There were no significant 
differences in TRIM27, SCC-Ag, or CYFRA21-1 between the two groups before 
treatment (p > 0.05). After treatment, the observation group had lower levels of 
TRIM27 (p=0.035), SCC-Ag (p=0.045), and CYFRA21-1 (p=0.003). There was no 
significant difference in the occurrence of adverse events between the two 
groups (p < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: Treatment of camrelizumab + apatinib combined with radiotherapy is 
effective for advanced oligometastatic NSCLC, with mild adverse effects.

Copyright © 2022 Wei Ye et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5067402
PMCID: PMC9526631
PMID: 36193130

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


263. World J Hepatol. 2022 Sep 27;14(9):1790-1803. doi: 10.4254/wjh.v14.i9.1790.

Liver magnetic resonance imaging for evaluation of response to treatment after 
stereotactic body radiation therapy of hepatocellular carcinoma.

Serafini A(1), Ruggeri V(2), Inchingolo R(3), Gatti M(1), Guarneri A(4), Maino 
C(5), Ippolito D(5), Grazioli L(6), Ricardi U(4), Faletti R(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Surgical Sciences, University of Turin, Turin 10126, Italy.
(2)Department of Radiology, University of Brescia, Brescia 25123, Italy.
(3)Interventional Radiology Unit, Miulli Hospital, Acquaviva Delle Fonti 70124, 
Italy.
(4)Department of Oncology-Radiation Oncology, University of Turin, Turin 10126, 
Italy.
(5)Department of Diagnostic Radiology, University of Milano-Bicocca, Monza 
20900, Italy.
(6)Department of Radiology, Spedali Civili, University of Brescia, Brescia 
25023, Italy.
(7)Department of Surgical Sciences, University of Turin, Turin 10126, Italy. 
riccardoin@hotmail.it.

BACKGROUND: Although stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) is increasingly 
used, its application has not yet been regulated by the main international 
guidelines, leaving the decision to multidisciplinary teams.
AIM: To assess magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) features of hepatocellular 
carcinoma (HCC) treated with SBRT, highlighting the efficacy of the treatment 
and the main aspects of the lesion before and after the procedure.
METHODS: As part of a retrospective study, 49 patients who underwent SBRT for 
HCC between January 2013 and November 2019 were recruited. Each patient 
underwent a pre-treatment MRI examination with a hepatospecific contrast agent 
and a similar follow-up examination within 6 mo of therapy. In addition, 22 
patients underwent a second follow-up examination after the first 6 mo. The 
following characteristics were analysed: Features analysed compared to 
pre-treatment MRI examination, presence or absence of infield and outfield 
progression, ring-like enhancement, signal hyperintensity in T2-weighted 
sequences in the perilesional parenchyma, capsular retraction, and "band" signal 
hypointensity in T1-weighted gradient echo fat saturated sequences obtained 
during hepatobiliary excretion.
RESULTS: Signal hyperintensity in the T2-weighted sequences showed a 
statistically significant reduction in the number of lesions at the post-SBRT 
first control (P = 0.0006). Signal hyperintensity in diffusion-weighted 
imaging-weighted sequences was decreased at MRI first control (P < 0.0001). A 
statistically significant increase of apparent diffusion coefficient values from 
a median of 1.01 to 1.38 at the first post-control was found (P < 0.0001). 
Capsular retraction was increased at the late evaluation (P = 0.006). Band-like 
signal hypointensity in the hepatobiliary phase was present in 94% at the late 
control (P = 0.006). The study of the risk of outfield progression vs infield 
progression revealed a hazard ratio of 9.
CONCLUSION: The efficacy of SBRT should be evaluated not in the first 6 mo, but 
at least 9 mo post-SBRT, when infield progression persists at very low rates 
while the risk of outfield progression increases significantly.

©The Author(s) 2022. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights 
reserved.

DOI: 10.4254/wjh.v14.i9.1790
PMCID: PMC9521449
PMID: 36185716

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict-of-interest statement: All the authors 
are aware of the content of the manuscript and have no conflict of interest to 
disclose.


264. J Hematol Oncol. 2022 Sep 29;15(1):136. doi: 10.1186/s13045-022-01356-7.

Evidence-based expert consensus on the management of primary central nervous 
system lymphoma in China.

Chen T(1), Liu Y(2), Wang Y(3)(4), Chang Q(5), Wu J(6)(7), Wang Z(8), Geng D(9), 
Yu JT(10), Li Y(9), Li XQ(11), Chen H(12), Zhuang D(6), Li J(13), Wang B(14), 
Jiang T(15), Lyu L(16), Song Y(17), Qiu X(18), Li W(19), Lin S(15), Zhang X(20), 
Lu D(21), Lei J(22), Chen Y(23)(24)(25), Mao Y(26)(27).

Author information:
(1)Department of Hematology, Institute of Medicine, Huashan Hospital, Fudan 
University, Shanghai, 200040, China. chentong@fudan.edu.cn.
(2)Department of Hematology, Beijing Tiantan Hospital, Capital Medical 
University, Beijing, 100070, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, 
Shanghai, 201107, China.
(4)National Center for Neurological Disorders, Huashan Hospital, Fudan 
University, Shanghai, 200040, China.
(5)Department of Ophthalmology, Eye and ENT Hospital, Fudan University, 
Shanghai, 200031, China.
(6)Department of Neurosurgery, National Center for Neurological Disorders, 
Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, 200040, China.
(7)Institute of Medicine, Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, 200040, 
China.
(8)Department of Ophthalmology, Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, 
200040, China.
(9)Department of Radiology, Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, 
200040, China.
(10)Department of Neurology, Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, 
200040, China.
(11)Department of Pathology, Fudan University Shanghai Cancer Center, Shanghai, 
200032, China.
(12)Department of Pathology, Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, 
200040, China.
(13)Department of Hematology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanjing Medical 
University, Jiangsu Province Hospital, Nanjing, 210029, China.
(14)Department of Pharmacy, Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, 
200040, China.
(15)Department of Neurosurgery, Beijing Neurosurgical Institute, Beijing Tiantan 
Hospital, Capital Medical University, Beijing, 100070, China.
(16)School of Public Administration and Policy, Health Technology Assessment and 
Policy Evaluation Group, Renmin University of China, Beijing, 100872, China.
(17)Department of Lymphoma, Peking University Cancer Hospital and Institute, 
Beijing, 100142, China.
(18)Department of Radiation Oncology, Beijing Tiantan Hospital, Capital Medical 
University, Beijing, 100070, China.
(19)Department of Neuro-Oncolgoy, Cancer Center, National Clinical Research 
Center for Neurological Diseases, Beijing Tiantan Hospital, Capital Medical 
University, Beijing, 100070, China.
(20)Department of Neurology, Neuroimmunology and Neuroinfection Center, Beijing 
Tiantan Hospital, Capital Medical University, Beijing, 100070, China.
(21)Department of Pathology, Xuanwu Hospital, Capital Medical University, 
Beijing, 100053, China.
(22)Department of Radiology, The First Hospital of Lanzhou University, Lanzhou, 
730000, China.
(23)Research Unit of Evidence-Based Evaluation and Guidelines, Chinese Academy 
of Medical Sciences (2021RU017), School of Basic Medical Sciences, Lanzhou 
University, Lanzhou, 730000, China. chenyaolong@lzu.edu.cn.
(24)WHO Collaborating Center for Guideline Implementation and Knowledge 
Translation, Lanzhou University, Lanzhou, 730000, China. chenyaolong@lzu.edu.cn.
(25)Lanzhou University GRADE Center, Lanzhou, 730000, China. 
chenyaolong@lzu.edu.cn.
(26)Department of Neurosurgery, National Center for Neurological Disorders, 
Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, 200040, China. 
maoying@fudan.edu.cn.
(27)Institute of Medicine, Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, 200040, 
China. maoying@fudan.edu.cn.

Primary central nervous system lymphoma (PCNSL) is a type of central nervous 
system restricted non-Hodgkin lymphoma, whose histopathological diagnosis is 
majorly large B cell lymphoma. To provide specific, evidence-based 
recommendations for medical professionals and to promote more standardized, 
effective and safe treatment for patients with PCNSL, a panel of experts from 
the Chinese Neurosurgical Society of the Chinese Medical Association and the 
Society of Hematological Malignancies of the Chinese Anti-Cancer Association 
jointly developed an evidence-based consensus. After comprehensively searching 
literature and conducting systematic reviews, two rounds of Delphi were 
conducted to reach consensus on the recommendations as follows: The 
histopathological specimens of PCNSL patients should be obtained as safely and 
comprehensively as possible by multimodal tomography-guided biopsy or minimally 
invasive surgery. Corticosteroids should be withdrawn from, or not be 
administered to, patients with suspected PCNSL before biopsy if the patient's 
status permits. MRI (enhanced and DWI) should be performed for diagnosing and 
evaluating PCNSL patients where whole-body PET-CT be used at necessary time 
points. Mini-mental status examination can be used to assess cognitive function 
in the clinical management. Newly diagnosed PCNSL patients should be treated 
with combined high-dose methotrexate-based regimen and can be treated with a 
rituximab-inclusive regimen at induction therapy. Autologous stem cell 
transplantation can be used as a consolidation therapy. Refractory or relapsed 
PCNSL patients can be treated with ibrutinib with or without high-dose 
chemotherapy as re-induction therapy. Stereotactic radiosurgery can be used for 
PCNSL patients with a limited recurrent lesion who were refractory to 
chemotherapy and have previously received whole-brain radiotherapy. Patients 
with suspected primary vitreoretinal lymphoma (PVRL) should be diagnosed by 
vitreous biopsy. PVRL or PCNSL patients with concurrent VRL can be treated with 
combined systemic and local therapy.

© 2022. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1186/s13045-022-01356-7
PMCID: PMC9524012
PMID: 36176002 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: All the authors and members declare that they 
have no competing interests.


265. Cell Death Dis. 2022 Sep 29;13(9):837. doi: 10.1038/s41419-022-05295-6.

Retraction Note to: Expansion of monocytic myeloid-derived suppressor cells 
ameliorated intestinal inflammatory response by radiation through SOCS3 
expression.

Choi YY(1), Seong KM(1), Lee HJ(2), Lee SS(2)(3), Kim A(4).

Author information:
(1)Laboratory of Biodosimetry, National Radiation Emergency Medical Center, 
KIRAMS, Seoul, 01812, Korea.
(2)Laboratory of Radiation Exposure and Therapeutics, National Radiation 
Emergency Medical Center, KIRAMS, Seoul, 01812, Korea.
(3)Department of Pathology, Korea Cancer Center Hospital, Korea Institute of 
Radiological & Medical Science, Seoul, 01812, Korea.
(4)Laboratory of Radiation Exposure and Therapeutics, National Radiation 
Emergency Medical Center, KIRAMS, Seoul, 01812, Korea. nurikim@kirams.re.kr.

Retraction of
    Cell Death Dis. 2021 Sep 3;12(9):826. doi: 10.1038/s41419-021-04103-x.

DOI: 10.1038/s41419-022-05295-6
PMCID: PMC9523046
PMID: 36175398


266. Front Genet. 2022 Sep 12;13:955382. doi: 10.3389/fgene.2022.955382. eCollection 
2022.

Pleistocene climate and geomorphology drive the evolution and phylogeographic 
pattern of Triplophysa robusta (Kessler, 1876).

Zhong H(1), Sun Y(1), Wu H(2), Li S(1), Shen Z(1), Yang C(1), Wen M(1), Chen 
P(3), Gu Q(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)The State Key Laboratory of Developmental Biology of Freshwater Fish, College 
of Life Sciences, Hunan Normal University, Changsha, China.
(2)College of Fisheries, Engineering Technology Research Center of Henan 
Province for Aquatic Animal Cultivation, Henan Normal University, Xinxiang, 
China.
(3)Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region Fishery Research Institute, Urumchi, China.

Montane systems provide excellent opportunities to study the rapid radiation 
influenced by geological and climatic processes. We assessed the role of 
Pleistocene climatic oscillations and mountain building on the evolution history 
of Triplophysa robusta, a cold-adapted species restricted to high elevations in 
China. We found seven differentiated sublineages of T. robusta, which were 
established during the Mid Pleistocene 0.87-0.61 Mya. The species distribution 
modeling (SDM) showed an expansion of T. robusta during the Last Glacial Maximum 
(LGM) and a considerable retraction during the Last Interglacial (LIG). The deep 
divergence between Clade I distributed in Qinling Mountains and Clade II in 
Northeastern Qinghai-Tibet Plateau (QTP) was mainly the result of a vicariance 
event caused by the rapid uplifting of Qinling Mountains during the Early 
Pleistocene. While the middling to high level of historical gene flow among 
different sublineages could be attributed to the dispersal events connected to 
the repetition of the glacial period during the Pleistocene. Our findings 
suggested that frequent range expansions and regressions due to Pleistocene 
glaciers likely have been crucial for driving the phylogeographic pattern of T. 
robusta. Finally, we urge a burning question in future conservation projection 
on the vulnerable cold-adapted species endemic to high elevations, as they would 
be negatively impacted by the recent rapid climate warming.

Copyright © 2022 Zhong, Sun, Wu, Li, Shen, Yang, Wen, Chen and Gu.

DOI: 10.3389/fgene.2022.955382
PMCID: PMC9510703
PMID: 36171893

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


267. Curr Opin Obstet Gynecol. 2023 Feb 1;35(1):73-79. doi: 
10.1097/GCO.0000000000000828. Epub 2022 Sep 21.

Current trends in postmastectomy breast reconstruction.

von Fritschen U(1), Seidenstücker K(2)(3), Sigalove S(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Plastic and Aesthetic Surgery, Hand Surgery, HELIOS Hospital 
Emil von Behring, Berlin.
(2)Sana Kliniken Düsseldorf, Department of Plastic Surgery.
(3)University of Düsseldorf (UKD) - Department of Gynecology, Düsseldorf, 
Germany.
(4)Scottsdale Center for Plastic Surgery, Paradise Valley, Arizona, USA.

PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Breast reconstruction is established as integral part of the 
treatment. New materials, indications and surgical techniques are subject to 
rapid modification to further improve safety, quality and longevity.
RECENT FINDINGS: Skin-sparing-mastectomy is accepted as an appropriate 
alternative in risk-reducing and many breast cancer patients, further reducing 
conventional mastectomy patterns.Radiation in combination with reconstruction is 
still challenging with no clear advances reducing skin-toxicity.Autologous 
reconstructions, not only in radiation settings, are turning to a first line 
approach. A trend driven by improved techniques to minimize morbidity and 
flap-variations.Breast implant surfaces associated with a high risk of Breast 
implant-associated anaplastic large cell lymphoma (BIA-ALCL) are now withdrawn. 
The residual risk for the remaining implant styles is not known, but can be 
expected considerably lower than estimations published presently.In order to 
reduce local complications, supplemental material often in combination with 
prepectoral implant placement is advertised. The present evidence on long-term 
outcome is limited.Super-microsurgery treating lymphedema is evolving rapidly. 
Refinements of various techniques and their differential indication are under 
evaluation to standardize the procedures.
SUMMARY: Breast reconstruction evolved to a complex, specialized field with a 
multitude of options. A multidisciplinary team is required to fully utilize 
todays potential and offer optimal individual treatments.

Copyright © 2022 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1097/GCO.0000000000000828
PMID: 36165007 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


268. ACS Nano. 2022 Oct 25;16(10):16201-16210. doi: 10.1021/acsnano.2c05056. Epub 
2022 Sep 21.

In Situ Regulation of Microphase Separation-Recognized Circularly Polarized 
Luminescence via Photoexcitation-Induced Molecular Aggregation.

Yue B(1)(2), Feng X(1), Wang C(2), Zhang M(2), Lin H(3), Jia X(4), Zhu L(2).

Author information:
(1)School of Materials and Chemistry, University of Shanghai for Science and 
Technology, Shanghai 200093, China.
(2)State Key Laboratory of Molecular Engineering of Polymers, Department of 
Macromolecular Science, Fudan University, Shanghai 200438, China.
(3)Engineering Research Center of Optical Instrument and System, Ministry of 
Education and Shanghai Key Lab of Modern Optical System, University of Shanghai 
for Science and Technology, Shanghai 200093, China.
(4)Henan Center for Outstanding Overseas Scientists, College of Chemistry and 
Chemical Engineering, Henan University, Kaifeng, Henan 475004, China.

Circularly polarized luminescence (CPL) has attracted great interest owing to 
its extensive optical information and chiral structural dependence. However, 
rationally regulating solid-phase CPL signals remains difficult because of the 
close packing of molecules in solid-state materials and the lack of structural 
visualization. In this work, we proposed a microphase-separation-recognized CPL 
regulation strategy via coassembly of a hexathiobenzene-based luminophore and 
chiral block copolymer (cBCP) with in situ photocontrollability. As a 
consequence to the continuous increase in the luminophore-to-cBCP ratio, the CPL 
signal of the supramolecular system exhibited an increasing trend until a 
critical point. Then, further increasing the ratio stretched the helical pitch 
of cBCP, which led to CPL reduction. With the photoexcitation-induced molecular 
aggregation of the luminophore, which was implemented using in situ 
photoirradiation, the helical pitch was retracted along with the restoration of 
the CPL signal. These processes were fully recognized and monitored by the 
microphase-separated nanomorphological change of the coassembled system, which 
indicated that such a structural contrast could be an effective method for 
rationally regulating the supramolecular chiropticity of solid-state materials.

DOI: 10.1021/acsnano.2c05056
PMID: 36130082 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


269. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Environ Public Health. 2022 Sep 8;2022:3792356. doi: 10.1155/2022/3792356. 
eCollection 2022.

Occupational Health Development and Safety Management of Enterprise Employees 
Based on the Perspective of Sustainable Environment.

Chen Q(1), Li H(1), Pan X(2)(3).

Author information:
(1)College of Marxism, Nanjing University of Science and Technology, Nanjing 
210000, Jiangsu, China.
(2)Glorious Sun School of Business and Management, Donghua University, Shanghai 
200000, China.
(3)School of Business, Nantong Institute of Technology, Nantong 226000, Jiangsu, 
China.

Retraction in
    J Environ Public Health. 2023 Oct 4;2023:9821989. doi: 10.1155/2023/9821989.

In recent years, the economy of enterprises has developed rapidly. Most 
enterprises focus on economic interests and ignore the occupational health of 
employees, resulting in an increase in the occupational morbidity rate of 
employees. Occupational insecurity of corporate employees will reduce the work 
efficiency of employees. In turn, it will affect the economic development of the 
enterprise. Paying attention to the occupational health and safety development 
of corporate employees is a necessary measure for corporate economic 
development. The main reasons that endanger the occupational health of employees 
are the unreasonable discharge of pollutants and the substandard treatment of 
pollutants. The sustainable environmental strategy of enterprise development can 
well control the risk factors that endanger the occupation of enterprise 
employees, and it is conducive to the health and safety development of 
enterprise employees and enterprises. This paper studied the impact of 
sustainable environmental factors on the occupational health and safety 
development of enterprise employees through the fuzzy analytic hierarchy process 
and analyzed the impact on the occupation of enterprise employees according to 
the larger influencing factors. The experimental results showed that heavy metal 
wastewater, dust, hydrogen sulfide gas, and high-temperature radiation are the 
four most weighted impact indicators. Different concentrations of these four 
indicators are tested; when the concentration value of these impact indicators 
is low, it has little impact on the occupational safety and development of 
enterprise employees. However, when the concentration increases, the 
occupational safety and development of enterprise employees are seriously 
reduced. When the safety is the lowest, it is only 20%, and the development is 
only 23%. Carrying out sustainable environmental development can reduce the 
discharge of industrial waste; hence, while protecting the environment, the 
occupational health and safety and development potential of employees can be 
improved.

Copyright © 2022 Qilong Chen et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/3792356
PMCID: PMC9477582
PMID: 36120158 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


270. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2023 Jan;30(5):12728-12740. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-022-22998-7. Epub 2022 Sep 17.

Improving the performance of novel evacuated tube solar collector by using 
nanofluids: experimental study.

Subrananiam BSK(1), Sugumaran AK(2), Athikesavan MM(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Mechanical Engineering, Kings Engineering College, Chennai, 
India. sbs.kumar1212@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Mechanical Engineering, Misrimal Navajee Munoth Jain 
Engineering College, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.
(3)Department of Mechanical Engineering, B.S. Abdur Rahman Crescent Institute of 
Science and Technology, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.

Retraction in
    Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2024 Jul;31(31):44458. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-024-34168-y.

The main focus of the work is to determine the performance efficiency of 
water-%CuO nanofluids and water at varied flow rate of 0.035 lit/sec, 0.045 
lit/sec, and 0.065 lit/sec in an evacuated tube collector integrated with an 
heat exchanger. A heat exchanger made of copper tube connected to a horizontal 
pipe for collection of heat from a vertical tube, and a vertical copper tube for 
collection of heat from an evacuated tube collector for solar radiation were 
used in the investigation. Water showed no absorption, a low thermal capacity 
when it was not suitable for high thermal application for improvement in 
performance, the base fluid with colloidal dispersion of %vol CuO nanofluids in 
the force convection mode. The evacuated tube collector produced the highest 
efficiency of water -0.3% vol CuO nanofluids at flow rate 0.035 lit/sec compared 
to 0.1% and 0.2% vol of CuO nanofluids at flow rate of 0.045, 0.065 lit/sec and 
water. A comparison to the water CuO nanofluids with the highest effective 
concentration showed a greater increase in thermal efficiency.The performance of 
theworking fluid performances was examined for parameters like exit temperature, 
specific heat, thermal conductivity, energy productivity, and efficiency 
utilizing.

© 2022. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, 
part of Springer Nature.

DOI: 10.1007/s11356-022-22998-7
PMID: 36114964 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


271. Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2022 Sep;26(17):6012. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202209_29611.

Retraction Note: Salinomycin enhances radiotherapy sensitivity and reduces 
expressions of BIRC5 and NEIL2 in nasopharyngeal carcinoma.

Chang Y(1), Geng Q, Bao Q, Hu P.

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Linyi Cancer Hospital, Linyi, China.

Retraction of
    Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2020 Jun;24(11):6409-6416. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202006_21539.

The article "Salinomycin enhances radiotherapy sensitivity and reduces 
expressions of BIRC5 and NEIL2 in nasopharyngeal carcinoma, by Y. Chang, Q. 
Geng, Q. Bao, P. Hu, published in Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci 2020; 24 (11): 
6409-6416-DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_202006_21539-PMID: 32572938" has been retracted 
by the authors. After publication, the article was questioned on PubPeer. 
Concerns were raised about Figure 3 and the reliability of the published 
results. The same authors stated that the study was not conducted according to 
the required standard procedures. The Publisher apologizes for any inconvenience 
this may cause https://www.europeanreview.org/article/21539.

DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_202209_29611
PMID: 36111899


272. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Aug 30;2022:3281039. doi: 10.1155/2022/3281039. 
eCollection 2022.

Regulation of Quality of Life and Immune Function in Patients with Thyroid 
Cancer Treated by Deep Learning Technology.

Fu X(1), Yang X(1), Wang Y(2), Chi N(3), Yu J(4), Feng Y(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of General Surgery, the First Affiliated Hospital of Jiamusi 
University, Jiamusi 154000, Heilongjiang, China.
(2)School of Clinical Medicine, Jiamusi University, Jiamusi 154000, 
Heilongjiang, China.
(3)Digestive Department, the First Affiliated Hospital of Jiamusi University, 
Jiamusi 154000, Heilongjiang, China.
(4)Department of Neurology, the First Affiliated Hospital of Jiamusi University, 
Jiamusi 154000, Heilongjiang, China.
(5)Traditional Chinese Medicine Department, the First Affiliated Hospital of 
Jiamusi University, Jiamusi 154000, Heilongjiang, China.

Retraction in
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9850404. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9850404.

BACKGROUND: In order to explore the regulation of quality of life and immune 
function in patients with thyroid cancer after radiotherapy, a method based on 
deep learning technology was proposed. A deep learning detection method for 
thyroid cancer is proposed.
METHODS: It mainly includes three main modules: data preprocessing, thyroid 
cancer regional detection module, and thyroid cancer benign and malignant 
classification module. The data set in the experiment comes from LIDC-IDRI and 
is processed by the data preprocessing module to generate a standard data format 
that can be processed by the framework. The treatment of thyroid cancer can help 
patients relapse malignant thyroid cancer and prevent recurrence in advance.
RESULTS: The results showed that most patients are diagnosed because of obvious 
swelling of local thyroid mass and conscious compression symptoms in the neck. 
At this time, they often miss the best treatment time, so as to reduce the 
surgical effect.
CONCLUSIONS: The metastasis and invasion of cancer cells are fast, the cancerous 
lesions are easy to form adhesion with the surrounding tracheal tissue, and the 
cancer cells invade the surrounding soft tissue, which is also easy to cause the 
cancerous tissue not to be completely removed. Clinical Trial Registration. 
Therefore, deep learning technology is used to treat residual cancerous lesions 
to ensure the surgical effect.

Copyright © 2022 Xiandong Fu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/3281039
PMCID: PMC9448623
PMID: 36110975 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


273. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Sep 5;2022:3181133. doi: 
10.1155/2022/3181133. eCollection 2022.

Low-Dose Apatinib Improves the Prognosis of Patients with Recurrent High-Grade 
Gliomas.

Zhang M(1), Gao L(1), Liu X(1), Dong F(1), Su Q(1), Zhang Y(1), Li F(1), Wang 
H(2), Han P(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Gansu Provincial Cancer Hospital, Lanzhou, Gansu, 
China.
(2)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Lanzhou Maternal and Child Health 
Care Hospital, Lanzhou, Gansu, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9853753. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9853753.

OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy, safety, and prognostic value of low-dose 
apatinib in combination with temozolomide in the treatment of primary or 
recurrent high-grade gliomas (HGGs).
METHODS: A retrospective analysis of patients with postoperative and recurrent 
HGGs treated in our hospital from April 1, 2018, to April 30, 2020. Patients 
should be treated by combination therapy 
(surgery + radiotherapy + chemotherapy). Patients who received apatinib combined 
with temozolomide chemotherapy were allocated to the research group (RG), while 
patients who received temozolomide chemotherapy alone were allocated to the 
control group (CG). The efficacy and toxic side effects were compared between 
the two groups.
RESULTS: There were 67 qualified patients retrieved, including 37 cases in the 
RG and 30 cases in the CG. There were no significant differences in objective 
remission rate (ORR) or disease control rate (DCR) between the control group and 
the study group (P > 0.05). However, the overall improvement of clinical 
efficacy in the observation group was better than that in the control group (P < 
0.05). There was no significant difference in the incidence of adverse effects 
between the two groups (P > 0.05). There were no significant differences in 
overall survival (OS) or progression-free survival (PFS) between the two groups 
(P > 0.05).
CONCLUSION: Low-dose apatinib combined with temozolomide and radiotherapy for 
HGGs is effective in improving efficacy, relieving brain edema, reducing the use 
of glucocorticoid drugs, and improving patients' quality of life. It has mild 
adverse effects and is well tolerated by patients.

Copyright © 2022 Ming Zhang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/3181133
PMCID: PMC9467810
PMID: 36106030

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


274. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Med Radiat Sci. 2023 Dec;70(4):e1-e11. doi: 10.1002/jmrs.619. Epub 2022 Sep 
13.

Retracted: Chest digital dynamic radiography to detect changes in human 
pulmonary perfusion in response to alveolar hypoxia.

Yamamoto S(1), Sakamaki F(2), Takahashi G(2), Kondo Y(2), Taguchi N(3), Esashi 
S(3), Yuji R(3), Murakami K(3), Osaragi K(4), Tomita K(1), Kamei S(1), Matsumoto 
T(4), Imai Y(1), Hasebe T(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Tokai University Hachioji Hospital, Tokai University 
School of Medicine, Tokyo, Japan.
(2)Department of Respiratory Medicine, Tokai University Hachioji Hospital, Tokai 
University School of Medicine, Tokyo, Japan.
(3)Department of Radiological Technology, Tokai University Hachioji Hospital, 
Tokai University School of Medicine, Tokyo, Japan.
(4)Department of Radiology, Kochi University, Kochi Medical School, Nankoku, 
Kochi, Japan.

Erratum in
    J Med Radiat Sci. 2023 Dec;70(4):522. doi: 10.1002/jmrs.647.

Retraction in
    J Med Radiat Sci. 2023 Dec;70(4):523. doi: 10.1002/jmrs.730.

INTRODUCTION: Hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction optimises oxygenation in the 
lung by matching the local-blood perfusion to local-ventilation ratio upon 
exposure to alveolar hypoxia. It plays an important role in various pulmonary 
diseases, but few imaging evaluations of this phenomenon in humans. This study 
aimed to determine whether chest digital dynamic radiography could detect 
hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction as changes in pulmonary blood flow in healthy 
individuals.
METHODS: Five Asian men underwent chest digital dynamic radiography before and 
after 60 sec breath-holding at the maximal inspiratory level in upright and 
supine positions. Alveolar partial pressure of oxygen and atmospheric pressure 
were calculated using the blood gas test and digital dynamic radiography 
imaging, respectively. To evaluate the blood flow, the correlation rate of 
temporal change in each pixel value between the lung fields and left cardiac 
ventricles was analysed.
RESULTS: Sixty seconds of breath-holding caused a mean reduction of 
26.7 ± 6.4 mmHg in alveolar partial pressure of oxygen. The mean correlation 
rate of blood flow in the whole lung was significantly lower after than before 
breath-holding (before, upright 51.5%, supine 52.2%; after, upright 45.5%, 
supine 46.1%; both P < 0.05). The correlation rate significantly differed before 
and after breath-holding in the lower lung fields (upright, 11.8% difference; 
supine, 10.7% difference; both P < 0.05). The mean radiation exposure of each 
scan was 0.98 ± 0.09 mGy. No complications occurred.
CONCLUSIONS: Chest digital dynamic radiography could detect the rapid decrease 
in pulmonary perfusion in response to alveolar hypoxia. It may suggest hypoxic 
pulmonary vasoconstriction in healthy individuals.

© 2022 The Authors. Journal of Medical Radiation Sciences published by John 
Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd on behalf of Australian Society of Medical Imaging 
and Radiation Therapy and New Zealand Institute of Medical Radiation Technology.

DOI: 10.1002/jmrs.619
PMCID: PMC10715373
PMID: 36101943

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have no conflicts of interest.


275. Diving Hyperb Med. 2022 Sep 30;52(3):208-212. doi: 10.28920/dhm52.3.208-212.

Effect of hyperbaric oxygen treatment on skin elasticity in irradiated patients.

Pandey K(1)(2), Teguh DN(1), van Hulst RA(1)(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Surgery/Hyperbaric Medicine, Amsterdam University Medical 
Centre, Location AMC, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
(2)Corresponding author: Karan Pandey, Department of Hyperbaric Medicine, 
Amsterdam University Medical Centre, Location AMC, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, 
k.pandey@student.vu.nl.
(3)Department of Anesthesiology, Amsterdam University Medical Center, Location 
AMC, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.

BACKGROUND: Hyperbaric oxygen treatment (HBOT) is often used in an attempt to 
reverse/treat late radiation-induced tissue fibrosis (LRITF). This study aimed 
to quantify the effects on skin elasticity.
METHODS: Skin retraction time was used as a marker of skin elasticity in 13 
irradiated breast cancer patients. The measurements were carried out on the 
affected side as well as the unaffected/healthy side at a mirrored location. 
Readings were taken at the start and end of HBOT (mean 43 sessions, 80 min at 
243 kPa).
RESULTS: Patient age ranged from 39-70 years. All patients underwent surgical 
lumpectomy and radiotherapy prior to undergoing HBOT. The mean time between 
radiotherapy and HBOT was 70 months. Seven of the 13 patients underwent 
chemotherapy. Mean irradiated skin retraction time improved from 417 (SD 158) 
pre-HBOT to 171 (24) msec post-HBOT (P < 0.001). Mean pre-HBOT retraction time 
in the non-irradiated skin was 143 (20) msec and did not change.
CONCLUSIONS: This promising pilot study that suggests that HBOT may improve skin 
elasticity in patients with LRITF.

Copyright: This article is the copyright of the authors who grant Diving and 
Hyperbaric Medicine a non-exclusive licence to publish the article in electronic 
and other forms.

DOI: 10.28920/dhm52.3.208-212
PMCID: PMC9722336
PMID: 36100932 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest and funding: nil


276. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Sep 1;2022:7160816. doi: 10.1155/2022/7160816. 
eCollection 2022.

Melatonin Attenuates Cisplatin-Induced Ototoxicity via Regulating the Cell 
Apoptosis of the Inner Ear.

Wang N(1), Xu A(1), Zhang H(1), Zhang Y(1)(2), Sui R(1), Fan X(1), Hou L(1), Shi 
L(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otolaryngology and NHC Key Laboratory of Otorhinolaryngology, 
The Second Hospital of Shandong University, Jinan 250033, Shandong Province, 
China.
(2)Department of Otolaryngology, Jinan Children's Hospital, Jinan 250022, 
Shandong Province, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Nov 29;2023:9794547. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9794547.

OBJECTIVE: The mechanism of ototoxicity caused by cisplatin is currently 
unclear, and the induced apoptosis may play an important role in inner ear 
injury. Melatonin has high antioxidant and antiapoptotic effects. This study is 
aimed at clarifying the protective effect on the inner ear and the underlying 
mechanism of melatonin.
DESIGN: The mice and HEI-OC1 cells were randomly separated into four groups: 
control group, cisplatin group, melatonin group, and cisplatin exposure after 
melatonin pretreatment group. Place and Duration of the Study. From September 
2018 to September 2021, all experiments were completed at the Second Hospital of 
Shandong University. And the study was approved by the Ethics Committee of the 
Second Hospital of Shandong University (KYLL-2020 (KJ) A-0191). Methodology. 
Mice were pretreated with peritoneal injection of melatonin prior to the 
application of cisplatin. Auditory Brainstem Response (ABR) test was performed 
before and after treatment, then the temporal bones were collected for histology 
investigation. HEI-OC1 cells were pretreated with melatonin before adding 
cisplatin. The apoptosis of HEI-OC1 cells was observed by MTS, TUNEL, and flow 
cytometry, respectively. Moreover, the mRNA expression of apoptosis-related 
factors was detected by qRT-PCR.
RESULTS: ABR and morphological analysis showed that cisplatin caused damage to 
the function and structure of the inner ear. MTS, TUNEL, and flow cytometry 
showed that the application of cisplatin caused a significant increase in the 
apoptosis level of HEI-OC1 cells, and melatonin pretreatment reduced this 
damage. Moreover, melatonin pretreatment reversed the mRNA expression changes of 
apoptosis-related factors induced by cisplatin.
CONCLUSIONS: Apoptosis is involved in the inner ear dysfunction caused by 
cisplatin. Melatonin reduces the ototoxicity of cisplatin by regulating the 
induced apoptosis response.

Copyright © 2022 Na Wang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/7160816
PMCID: PMC9458396
PMID: 36092781 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: No conflict of interest was declared by all the 
authors.


277. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Emerg Med Int. 2022 Aug 30;2022:9295627. doi: 10.1155/2022/9295627. eCollection 
2022.

Clinical Analysis on the Effects of Tandospirone Citrate Assisted by Drawing 
Therapy on Medication Compliance and Sleep Quality in Patients with Anxiety 
Disorders.

Hou J(1), Zhang R(2).

Author information:
(1)The Fourth Department of Psychiatry, Hengshui Seventh People's Hospital, 
Hengshui 053000, Hebei, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Hengshui People's Hospital, Hengshui 053000, 
Hebei, China.

Retraction in
    Emerg Med Int. 2024 Jan 24;2024:9871367. doi: 10.1155/2024/9871367.

OBJECTIVE: To explore the clinical effects of tandospirone citrate assisted by 
drawing therapy (DT) on medication compliance and sleep quality in patients with 
anxiety disorders.
METHODS: A total of 128 patients with anxiety disorders treated in the hospital 
were enrolled between January 2020 and January 2022. According to the random 
number table method, they were divided into the observation group (n = 64) and 
the control group (n = 64). The control group was treated with tandospirone 
citrate, while the observation group was additionally treated with DT. The 
clinical curative effect and medication compliance after treatment, scores of 
Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA), Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), and the 
World Health Organization's Quality of Life Questionnaire-Brief Version 
(WHOQOL-BREF) before and after treatment were compared between the two groups. 
The occurrence of adverse reactions during treatment was recorded.
RESULTS: After treatment, the total response rate in the observation group was 
higher than that in the control group (96.88% vs 86.94%) (P < 0.05). After 
treatment, scores of HAMA and PSQI in both groups were decreased, which were 
lower in the observation group than in the control group (P < 0.05). After 
treatment, medication compliance in the observation group was higher than that 
in the control group (P < 0.05). After treatment, scores of environmental 
factors, social relations, physiological function, and psychological status in 
both groups were increased, which were higher in the observation group than in 
the control group (P < 0.05). During treatment, there was no significant 
difference in the incidence of adverse reactions between the two groups (P > 
0.05).
CONCLUSION: DT-assisted tandospirone citrate can effectively improve the 
clinical symptoms of patients with anxiety disorders, improve medication 
compliance, sleep quality, and quality of life, and have a certain degree of 
safety.

Copyright © 2022 Jichong Hou and Ruifang Zhang.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9295627
PMCID: PMC9448592
PMID: 36081955

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


278. J Speech Lang Hear Res. 2022 Oct 17;65(10):3798-3808. doi: 
10.1044/2022_JSLHR-22-00047. Epub 2022 Sep 8.

Determining Swallowing Biomechanics Underlying Modified Barium Swallow 
Impairment Profile Scoring Using Computational Analysis of Swallowing Mechanics.

Krekeler BN(1)(2), Davidson K(3)(4), Kantarcigil C(1), Pearson W(5)(6), Blair 
J(3), Martin-Harris B(1)(3)(4)(7).

Author information:
(1)Roxelyn and Richard Pepper Department of Communication Sciences and 
Disorders, School of Communication, Northwestern University, Evanston, IL.
(2)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, University of Cincinnati 
College of Medicine, OH.
(3)Evelyn Trammell Institute for Voice and Swallowing, Medical University of 
South Carolina, Charleston.
(4)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Medical University of 
South Carolina, Charleston.
(5)Department of Cellular Biology and Anatomy, Medical College of Georgia, 
Augusta University.
(6)Department of Biomedical Sciences, College of Osteopathic Medicine, Auburn, 
AL.
(7)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery and Radiation Oncology, 
Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL.

PURPOSE: The elements of impaired swallowing biomechanics are visually assessed 
and scored by clinicians using a standardized and validated tool for assessing 
type and severity of physiological impairments using the Modified Barium Swallow 
Impairment Profile (MBSImP). However, the functional anatomical correlates that 
underly noted impairments using MBSImP scoring have not been measured. The 
purpose of this study was to determine whether differences in MBSImP component 
scores represent differences in underlying swallowing mechanics as measured by 
computational analysis of swallowing mechanics (CASM) to better define 
underlying mechanisms of impairment.
METHOD: A retrospective analysis of modified barium swallow studies from 
physician-referred adult patients with dysphagia was scored using the MBSImP for 
laryngeal elevation, anterior hyoid excursion, epiglottic movement, 
pharyngoesophageal segment opening, and tongue base retraction. A canonical 
variate analysis (CVA) was performed to determine the movement of anatomical 
landmarks associated with MBSImP component scores using the CASM method. 
Mahalanobis distances (D) were then used to detect differences among MBSImP 
scores for each component assessed.
RESULTS: CVA showed significant differences (p < .0001) in Mahalanobis distance 
(D > 1) between MBSImP component scores of 0-1, 0-2, 0-3, or 0-4, as applicable, 
depending on the component. Discriminant function analyses revealed concomitant 
increase/worsening in MBSImP score with changes in anatomical positioning of 
structures.
CONCLUSIONS: Ratings of swallowing impairment and physiology using the MBSImP 
have distinct biomechanical correlates with anatomical movements of swallowing. 
These data further demonstrate how swallowing mechanics are highly interrelated. 
Understanding these linkages between anatomical and physiological movement 
within impaired swallowing biomechanics is essential in more specific 
characterization and treatment of dysphagia.
SUPPLEMENTAL MATERIAL: https://doi.org/10.23641/asha.20816788.

DOI: 10.1044/2022_JSLHR-22-00047
PMCID: PMC9927620
PMID: 36075206 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


279. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Aug 24;2022:2601852. doi: 10.1155/2022/2601852. 
eCollection 2022.

Influence of Case Management Model Combined with Continuous Nursing Care on 
Compliance Behavior and Adverse Emotions in Elderly Patients with Lung Cancer: A 
Prospective Single-Center Case-Control Study.

Li A(1), Gao J(2), Ni J(3), Che Y(1), Zhang Q(1), Hu Q(1), Pan J(1), Ge Y(1), 
Cao Z(1), Ni J(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Nanjing Jinling Hospital, Nanjing University 
School of Medicine, Nanjing, 210002 Jiangsu Province, China.
(2)Department of Cadre Ward, Nanjing Jinling Hospital, Nanjing University School 
of Medicine, Nanjing, 210002 Jiangsu Province, China.
(3)Department of Nursing, Nanjing Jinling Hospital, Nanjing University School of 
Medicine, Nanjing, 210002 Jiangsu Province, China.
(4)Department of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine, Nanjing Jinling 
Hospital, Nanjing University School of Medicine, Nanjing, 210002 Jiangsu 
Province, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9825948. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9825948.

AIMS: To ask lots of questions about finding the truth about the influence of 
the case management model combined with continuous nursing care on following the 
law behavior and negative feelings of love, hate, fear, etc. in old patients 
with lung scale-like cell cancer.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: One hundred and forty-three elderly patients with 
squamous cell carcinoma of the lung were selected for this prospective study, 10 
cases were shed due to epidemic and transfer, and finally 68 cases were in the 
control group and 65 cases in the observation group. The differences in anxiety 
and depression scores, quality of life, and compliance behavior between the two 
groups were observed and compared.
RESULTS: After nursing, the self-rating anxiety scale (SAS) and self-rating 
depression scale (SDS) of the observation group were lower than those of the 
control group, while the social support score was significantly higher than that 
of the control group. The scores of psychological behavior, exercise status, 
drug taking, and balanced diet of the two groups were significantly improved, 
and the observation group was significantly improved. The scores of medical 
compliance behavior in the observation group were significantly higher than 
those in the control group, and the mental vitality score, social interaction 
score, emotional restriction score, and mental status of the patients in the 
observation group were significantly higher than those in the control group, and 
the above statistics showed that the difference was statistically significant (P 
< 0.05).
CONCLUSION: The use of a case management model combined with extended care 
significantly improved the compliance behavior and anxiety and depression of 
elderly patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the lung and improved the 
quality of life and social support.

Copyright © 2022 Aomei Li et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2601852
PMCID: PMC9433228
PMID: 36060666 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


280. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Aug 24;2022:5145549. doi: 10.1155/2022/5145549. 
eCollection 2022.

Efficacy of Cetuximab in Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Patients Receiving Concurrent 
Cisplatin-Radiotherapy: A Meta-Analysis.

Wang L(1), Liu D(2), Wei D(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pharmacy, Yantaishan Hospital, Yantai, Shandong 264001, China.
(2)Department of Pharmacy, Yantai Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine, 
Yantai, Shandong 264001, China.
(3)Department of Otolaryngology, Yantai Hospital of Traditional Chinese 
Medicine, Yantai, Shandong 264001, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jun 28;2023:9798503. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9798503.

BACKGROUND: Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is a malignant neoplasm of the 
nasopharyngeal epithelium. Concurrent chemoradiotherapy has been established as 
a standard treatment for locoregional NPC, and cisplatin is a common agent in 
NPC treatment. Cetuximab is a monoclonal antibody against epidermal growth 
factor receptor. This meta-analysis was performed to evaluate the curative 
effectiveness and survival outcomes of cetuximab in NPC patients who received 
concurrent cisplatin-radiotherapy.
METHODS: PubMed, Cochrane Library, EMBASE, China National Knowledge 
Infrastructure (CNKI), Wan Fang, and China Biology Medicine disc (CBM) were used 
to search publications studying on concurrent chemoradiotherapy and/or cetuximab 
in NPC. The qualities of included RCTs were assessed by the Newcastle-Ottawa 
Scale. STATA 14.0 was used to conduct the statistical analysis.
RESULTS: In total, 17 trials with 2066 patients were included in this 
meta-analysis. The results from this study show that cetuximab improved the 
therapy efficacy in NPC patients who received concurrent cisplatin-radiotherapy. 
Cetuximab cotreatment improved the complete response (RR = 1.92, 95% CI [1.61, 
2.30]), and reduced stable disease (RR = 0.67, 95% CI [0.51, 0.88]) as well as 
progression disease (RR = 0.24, 95% CI [0.15, 0.40]). Besides, it also improved 
the overall survival (RR = 1.10, 95% CI [1.02, 1.18]), disease-free survival (RR 
= 1.09, 95% CI [1.03, 1.15]), metastasis-free survival (RR = 1.06, 95% CI [1.01, 
1.11]), and relapse-free survival (RR = 1.04, 95% CI [1.01, 1.07]) in NPC 
patients.
CONCLUSIONS: Cetuximab could improve the curative efficacy and survival outcomes 
of NPC patients who underwent concurrent cisplatin-radiotherapy. However, all 
the trials included were conducted in China; thus, the quality of the trials in 
this study remains doubtful. More high-quality RCTs should be included in 
further relevant studies.

Copyright © 2022 Lin Wang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5145549
PMCID: PMC9433239
PMID: 36060662 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interest.


281. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Emerg Med Int. 2022 Aug 24;2022:7806659. doi: 10.1155/2022/7806659. eCollection 
2022.

The Role of Jinhuang Powder to Prevent Adverse Effects of Subcutaneous Injection 
of Enoxaparin Sodium.

Zhang M(1)(2), Zhang X(1)(2), Wang C(1)(2), Shen Y(1)(2), Fu J(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gynecological Radiation Oncology, The Cancer Hospital of the 
University of Chinese Academy of Sciences (Zhejiang Cancer Hospital), Hangzhou, 
China.
(2)Institute of Basic Medicine and Cancer (IBMC), Chinese Academy of Sciences, 
Hangzhou, China.

Retraction in
    Emerg Med Int. 2024 Jan 24;2024:9836090. doi: 10.1155/2024/9836090.

OBJECTIVE: To determine the role of Jinhuang Powder to prevent adverse effects 
of subcutaneous injection of enoxaparin sodium.
METHODS: The clinical data of 97 patients with cervical cancer who were treated 
with subcutaneous injection of enoxaparin through the lower margin of the 
deltoid muscle of the upper arm in Zhejiang Tumor Hospital from August 2020 to 
August 2021 were retrospectively analyzed. All patients were divided into the 
control group (n = 39) and the research group (n = 58) according to the 
different use time periods of Jinhuang Powder. The research group was treated 
with Jinhuang Powder and enoxaparin sodium at the same time. The control group 
started to use Jinhuang Powder after the adverse reactions occurred. The 
induration, subcutaneous bleeding events, and pain were statistically analyzed.
RESULTS: The incidence of induration (3.4% vs 15.4%, P=0.036) and subcutaneous 
hemorrhage (37.9% vs 76.9%, P=0.003) in the research group was significantly 
lower than that in the control group. The pain in the research group was lighter 
than that in the control group (grade 0-4 pain: 70% vs 28.2%, 19% vs 30.8%, 8.6% 
vs 23.1%, 1.7% vs 12.8%, 1.7% vs 5.1%, P=0.001).
CONCLUSION: Preventive use of Jinhuang Powder can significantly reduce the 
incidence of subcutaneous induration and subcutaneous bleeding and can 
effectively alleviate the local pain of injection. It is worthy of further study 
to clarify its role and mechanism.

Copyright © 2022 Meng Zhang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/7806659
PMCID: PMC9433242
PMID: 36059558

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


282. World Neurosurg. 2022 Nov;167:122. doi: 10.1016/j.wneu.2022.08.112. Epub 2022 
Aug 31.

Supracerebellar Infratentorial Approach for a Malignant Pineal Region Tumor 
Mimicking a Cavernous Malformation.

Abramov I(1), Scherschinski L(1), Labib MA(1), Srinivasan VM(1), Morgan CD(1), 
Catapano JS(1), Lawton MT(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Barrow Neurological Institute, St. Joseph's 
Hospital and Medical Center, Phoenix, Arizona, USA.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Barrow Neurological Institute, St. Joseph's 
Hospital and Medical Center, Phoenix, Arizona, USA. Electronic address: 
neuropub@barrowneuro.org.

A man in his early 20s presented with diplopia. Imaging revealed a pineal region 
hemorrhagic lesion, suggestive of cavernous malformation.1-6 The patient 
underwent an endoscopic third ventriculostomy and was transferred to our 
institution. In the sitting position, he underwent a supracerebellar 
infratentorial approach. Gross total resection was achieved without new 
neurological deficits. Pathologic diagnosis was consistent with a mixed germ 
cell tumor. The patient was referred to the radiation oncology department. 
Gravity retraction of the cerebellum was achieved with the supracerebellar 
infratentorial approach in the sitting position, torcular craniotomy exposed the 
major sinuses, and drainage of cerebrospinal fluid widened the surgical corridor 
and facilitated resection of this lesion (Video 1). Histopathological findings 
are critical to establish the correct diagnosis because magnetic resonance 
imaging findings can be misleading. The patient provided written informed 
consent for the procedure.

Copyright © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.wneu.2022.08.112
PMID: 36055618 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


283. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Dis Markers. 2022 Aug 21;2022:1195875. doi: 10.1155/2022/1195875. eCollection 
2022.

Research Progress of PI3K/PTEN/AKT Signaling Pathway Associated with Renal Cell 
Carcinoma.

Fang Y(1), Ji W(1), Yan C(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Obstetrics, Qingdao Municipal Hospital, Qingdao 266000, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Qilu Hospital (Qingdao), Cheeloo College of 
Medicine, Shandong University, Qingdao 266035, China.

Retraction in
    Dis Markers. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9756735. doi: 10.1155/2023/9756735.

Renal cell carcinoma is a common renal malignancy of the urinary system and the 
most malignant type of kidney cancer. Phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) is an 
intracellular phosphatidylinositol kinase associated with oncogene products such 
as v-src and with serine/threonine kinase activity, and its increased activity 
correlates with the development of several cancers. Protein kinase B (AKT) is a 
cyclic guanosine phosphate-dependent protein kinase that plays an important role 
in cell survival and apoptosis. Phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN), a newly 
discovered oncogene in recent years, participates in tumorigenesis and 
development by competing with tyrosine kinases for common substrates. The 
product encoded by PTEN was found to negatively regulate the PI3K/Akt signaling 
pathway, thereby inhibiting cell proliferation and promoting apoptosis. The 
PI3K/PTEN/AKT signaling pathway has also been identified in several studies as 
being involved in the development of several malignancies, including renal cell 
carcinoma. Radiotherapy is currently one of the most effective means of 
treatment for renal cell carcinoma, whereas it is predisposed to significant 
tolerance during the course of radiotherapy, thereby leading to treatment 
failure. Therefore, new treatment options may potentiate the efficiency of renal 
cell carcinoma treatment. With the development of tumor molecular biology, 
targeted biological therapy for malignant tumors has gradually become a research 
hotspot. Given the above research background, this study reviews the application 
of the PI3K/PTEN/AKT signaling pathway in renal cell carcinoma, aiming to 
provide more references for the treatment of clinical renal cell carcinoma.

Copyright © 2022 Yakun Fang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/1195875
PMCID: PMC9420629
PMID: 36046376 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


284. Biosci Rep. 2022 Aug 31;42(8):BSR-2019-0696_RET. doi: 10.1042/BSR-2019-0696_RET.

Retraction: α-bisabolol enhances radiotherapy-induced apoptosis in endometrial 
cancer cells by reducing the effect of XIAP on inhibiting caspase-3.

Fang D, Wang H, Li M, Wei W.

Retraction of
    Biosci Rep. 2019 Jun 10;39(6):BSR20190696. doi: 10.1042/BSR20190696.

DOI: 10.1042/BSR-2019-0696_RET
PMCID: PMC9434560
PMID: 36043421


285. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Aug 8;2022:5273772. doi: 10.1155/2022/5273772. 
eCollection 2022.

Study on the Predictive Value of P53 Protein Expression in Brain Metastasis in 
NSCLC and the Mechanism of miR-424 Reversing Platinum Resistance in NSCLC.

Deng Y(1), Duan Z(2), Luo J(1), Deng W(1), Liao R(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, First Affiliated Hosppital of Kunming Medical 
University, Kunming 650032, China.
(2)Department of Infectious Disease, First Affiliated Hosppital of Kunming 
Medical University, Kunming 650032, China.

Retraction in
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Jul 26;2023:9805910. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9805910.

In order to analyze the predictive value of P53 protein expression in brain 
metastases in NSCLC and the mechanism of miR-424 reversing platinum resistance 
in NSCLC, a retrospective analysis is conducted in this study. Eighty-two NSCLC 
patients who received relevant diagnosis and treatment in our hospital from 
September 2020 to September 2021 are chosen. The prognosis of the patients is 
observed, and the patients were divided into two groups according to the 
occurrence of BMS. The comparison of clinical baseline data and the expression 
of P53 protein and miR-424 after surgery are performed. Furthermore, the 
predictive value of the P53 protein gene on the occurrence of BMS in NSCLC is 
analyzed by the ROC curve, and the expression of miR-424 in serum of the 
patients before and after drug resistance is compared. The results demonstrate 
that the expression of P53 protein has a high predictive value for predicting 
the occurrence of BRAIN metastases in NSCLC patients. Also, the high expression 
of miR-424 suggests that it is closely related to the occurrence of platinum 
resistance in NSCLC patients.

Copyright © 2022 Yan Deng et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5273772
PMCID: PMC9377954
PMID: 36043143 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


286. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2022 Aug 18;2022:7145415. doi: 10.1155/2022/7145415. 
eCollection 2022.

Hsp72-Based Effect and Mechanism of Microwave Radiation-Induced Cardiac Injury 
in Rats.

Li D(1), Xu X(1), Gao Y(1), Wang J(1), Yin Y(1), Yao B(1), Zhao L(1), Wang H(1), 
Wang H(1), Dong J(1), Zhang J(1), Peng R(1).

Author information:
(1)Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing, China.

Retraction in
    Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2023 Dec 29;2023:9878432. doi: 10.1155/2023/9878432.

The purpose of this study was to determine the role of heat shock protein 72 
(Hsp72) changes in cardiac injury caused by microwave radiation, aimed at 
providing novel insights into the mechanism of this damage. A digital 
thermometer was used to measure the rectal temperature of the rats' pre- and 
post-radiation. On the 1st, 7th, 14th, and 28th days post-radiation, the changes 
in electrocardiogram (ECG) were analyzed by a multi-channel physiological 
recorder. The myocardial enzyme activities and ion concentrations were detected 
by an automatic biochemical analyzer. Additionally, the levels of myocardial 
injury markers were established by the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay 
(ELISA), and those of hormones were measured by radioimmunoassay. The structure 
and ultrastructure of the myocardial tissue were observed using an optical 
microscope and transmission electron microscopy (TEM). The expression of Hsp72 
was measured by Western blot and immunofluorescence analyses. Post-exposure, the 
rectal temperature in the R-group increased significantly, ECG was disordered, 
and the concentrations of ions were decreased. Furthermore, the activities of 
myocardial enzymes were changed, and the contents of myocardial injury markers 
and hormones were increased. We observed damage to the structure and 
ultrastructure and significantly increased expression of Hsp72. As a whole, the 
results indicated that S-wave microwave radiation at 30 mW/cm2 for 35 min 
resulted in damage to the cardiac functionality organigram, caused by a 
combination of the thermal and nonthermal effects.

Copyright © 2022 Dayan Li et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/7145415
PMCID: PMC9410832
PMID: 36035207 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted without any financial or commercial relationships that could be 
interpreted as a potential conflict of interest.


287. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Aug 18;2022:3478861. doi: 
10.1155/2022/3478861. eCollection 2022.

Prognostic Value of MUC16 Mutation and Its Correlation with Immunity in 
Hepatocellular Carcinoma Patients.

Liu B(1), Dong Z(2), Lu Y(2), Ma J(1), Ma Z(1), Wang H(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, The Second People's Hospital of Lianyungang 
(Lianyungang Cancer Hospital), Lianyungang, China.
(2)Oncology Department, The Second People's Hospital of Lianyungang (Lianyungang 
Cancer Hospital), Lianyungang, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9754067. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9754067.

OBJECTIVE: Identifying gene mutation signatures will enable a better 
understanding for the occurrence, development, and prognosis of hepatocellular 
carcinoma (HCC) and provide some potential biomarkers for clinical practice. 
This study investigated the mutated genes in HCC patients and assessed their 
relationship with tumor mutation burden (TMB) and prognosis.
METHODS: The somatic mutation annotation format (MAF) document, mRNA expression 
matrix, and clinical information of HCC patients were obtained from the 
International Cancer Genome Consortium (ICGC) and the Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) 
database. The differences of TMB between the mutant type and the wild-type genes 
were detected using the Mann-Whitney U test. The link of gene mutations with 
prognosis was explored by the Kaplan-Meier analysis. The proportion of 22 immune 
cells' composition was measured using CIBERSORT algorithm.
RESULTS: The two databases screened 16 common mutated genes, which included 
TP53, TTN, LRP1B, ZFHX4, MUC16, OBSCN, CSMD3, FLG, CSMD1, SYNE1, SPTA1, USH2A, 
KMT2C, PCLO, HMCN1, and FAT3. After a series of analysis, MUC16 mutation was 
found to be highly correlated with TMB and was regarded as an independent factor 
predicting HCC. Furthermore, gene set enrichment analysis (GSEA) indicated that 
the MUC16 mutation was significantly involved in HCC cell metabolism.
CONCLUSIONS: MUC16 mutation seems to be a valuable potential biomarker for HCC 
development and its overall survival.

Copyright © 2022 Bing Liu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/3478861
PMCID: PMC9410786
PMID: 36034941

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


288. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Aug 9;2022:9696403. doi: 10.1155/2022/9696403. 
eCollection 2022.

Research on Improving Radiotherapy Accuracy Based on Image-Guided Radiotherapy.

Huang S(1), Xiao Y(1), Li H(1), Li D(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cancer Center, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing 
Medical University, Chongqing, Jiangsu 404100, China.

Retraction in
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9814847. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9814847.

With the changes of people's diet and lifestyle, the number of patients with 
abdominal malignant tumors is increasing year by year. In order to analyze the 
effectiveness of cone-beam CT (CBCT) enhancement technology in improving the 
accuracy of radiotherapy for clinical malignant tumors, 92 patients with 
abdominal malignant tumor are divided into the control group and the CBCT 
radiotherapy group. The experimental results show that precise radiotherapy 
technology can promote the recovery of the immune function of patients with 
abdominal malignant tumors, improve the effect of treatment, and decrease the 
incidence of complications.

Copyright © 2022 Shunping Huang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9696403
PMCID: PMC9381236
PMID: 36034197 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


289. Adv Radiat Oncol. 2022 Jun 28;7(6):101008. doi: 10.1016/j.adro.2022.101008. 
eCollection 2022 Nov-Dec.

New School Technology Meets Old School Technique: Intensity Modulated Proton 
Therapy and Laparoscopic Pelvic Sling Facilitate Safe and Efficacious Treatment 
of Pelvic Sarcoma.

Gits HC(1), Dozois EJ(2), Houdek MT(3), Ho TP(4), Okuno SH(4), Guenzel RM(1), 
McGrath LA(1), Kraling AJ(1), Johnson JE(1), Lester SC(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota.
(2)Division of Colon and Rectal Surgery, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota.
(3)Department of Orthopedics, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota.
(4)Department of Medical Oncology, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota.

PURPOSE: Small bowel tolerance may be dose-limiting in the management of some 
pelvic and abdominal malignancies with curative-intent radiation therapy. 
Multiple techniques previously have been attempted to exclude the small bowel 
from the radiation field, including the surgical insertion of an absorbable mesh 
to serve as a temporary pelvic sling. This case highlights a clinically 
meaningful application of this technique with modern radiation therapy.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: A patient with locally invasive, unresectable high-grade 
sarcoma of the right pelvic vasculature was evaluated for definitive radiation 
therapy. The tumor immediately abutted the small bowel. The patient underwent 
laparoscopic placement of a mesh sling to retract the abutting small bowel and 
subsequently completed intensity modulated proton therapy.
RESULTS: The patient tolerated the mesh insertion procedure and radiation 
therapy well with no significant toxic effects. The combination approach 
achieved excellent dose metrics, and the patient has no evidence of progression 
14 months out from treatment.
CONCLUSIONS: The combination of mesh as a pelvic sling and proton radiation 
therapy enabled the application of a curative dose of radiation therapy and 
should be considered for patients in need of curative-intent radiation when the 
bowel is in close proximity to the target.

© 2022 The Authors.

DOI: 10.1016/j.adro.2022.101008
PMCID: PMC9404264
PMID: 36034194


290. ACS Omega. 2022 Aug 11;7(33):29475-29482. doi: 10.1021/acsomega.2c03118. 
eCollection 2022 Aug 23.

Computational Studies of the Photodegradation Mechanism of the Highly Phototoxic 
Agent Benoxaprofen.

Musa KAK(1), Eriksson LA(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medicinal Chemistry, Pharmacy College, El-Mergib University, 
Al-Khoms 18342, Libya.
(2)Department of Chemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Gothenburg, 405 
30 Göteborg, Sweden.

Computational quantum chemistry within the density functional theory (DFT) and 
time-dependent density functional theory (TD-DFT) framework is used to 
investigate the photodegradation mechanism as well as the photochemical and 
photophysical properties of benoxaprofen (BP), a non steroid anti-inflammatory 
molecule (2-[2-(4-chlorophenyl)-1,3-benzoxazol-5-yl] propanoic acid). BP is a 
highly phototoxic agent that causes cutaneous phototoxicity shortly after its 
administration. On the grounds of concern about serious side effects, especially 
hepatotoxicity, it was withdrawn from the world market after only 2 years of its 
release. Our study shows that the drug has the capability to absorb radiation in 
the UV region, mainly between 300 and 340 nm, and undergoes spontaneous 
photoinduced decarboxylation from the triplet state. It shows very similar 
photochemical properties to the highly photolabile non-steroidal 
anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) ketoprofen, suprofen, and tiaprofenic acid. 
Like ketoprofen, BP can also decarboxylate from excited singlet states by 
overcoming low energy barriers. The differences in molecular orbital (highest 
occupied molecular orbital (HOMO) and lowest unoccupied molecular orbital 
(LUMO)) distributions between the neutral and deprotonated BP, their absorption 
spectra, and the energetics and fate of various photoproducts produced 
throughout the photodegradation are discussed. Initiation and termination of 
decarboxylated BP radical species and initiation of propagating lipid 
peroxidation reactions due to the addition of molecular oxygen giving rise to 
the corresponding peroxyl radical are also explored in detail.

© 2022 The Authors. Published by American Chemical Society.

DOI: 10.1021/acsomega.2c03118
PMCID: PMC9404164
PMID: 36033698

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing financial 
interest.


291. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Aug 16;2022:3050199. doi: 
10.1155/2022/3050199. eCollection 2022.

Establishment and Validation for Predicting the Death of Multiple Myeloma among 
Whites.

Tao J(1), Wang L(1), Zhang L(1), Gu Z(1), Zhou X(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Hematology, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Nantong 
University, Nantong 226001, Jiangsu, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9871636. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9871636.

The prognosis of multiple myeloma (MM) patients was poor in white-American 
patients as compared to black-American patients. This study aimed to predict the 
death of MM patients in whites based on the National Cancer Institute's 
Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) database. A total of 28,912 
white MM patients were included in this study. Data were randomly divided into a 
training set and a test set (7 : 3). The random forest and 5-fold 
cross-validation were used for developing a prediction model. The performance of 
the model was determined by calculating the area under the curve (AUC) with 95% 
confidence interval (CI). MM patients in the death group had older age, higher 
proportion of tumor distant metastasis, bone marrow as the disease site, 
receiving radiotherapy, and lower proportion of receiving chemotherapy than that 
in the survival group (all P < 0.001). The AUC of the random forest model in the 
training set and testing set was 0.741 (95% CI, 0.740-0.741) and 0.703 (95% CI, 
0.703-0.704), respectively. In addition, the AUC of the age-based model was 
0.688 (95% CI, 0.688-0.689) in the testing set. The results of the DeLong test 
indicated that the random forest model had better predictive effect than the 
age-based model (Z = 7.023, P < 0.001). Further validation was performed based 
on age and marital status. The results presented that the random forest model 
was robust in different age and marital status. The random forest model had a 
good performance to predict the death risk of MM patients in whites.

Copyright © 2022 Jian Tao et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/3050199
PMCID: PMC9398791
PMID: 36016680

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest 
regarding the publication of this article.


292. Radiography (Lond). 2022 Oct;28 Suppl 1:S68-S76. doi: 
10.1016/j.radi.2022.07.006. Epub 2022 Aug 9.

The lessons learned working in diagnostic and therapeutic radiography 
departments through the COVID-19 pandemic in Northern Ireland, UK. What can we 
do differently the next time?

Mc Fadden S(1), Flood T(2), Watson A(3), Shepherd P(4).

Author information:
(1)Diagnostic Radiography and Imaging School of Health Sciences University of 
Ulster Shore Road Newtownabbey Co. Antrim, BT37 OQB, UK. Electronic address: 
s.mcfadden@ulster.ac.uk.
(2)Radiotherapy and OncologySchool of Health Sciences, Ulster University, BT37 
0QB, UK. Electronic address: t.flood@ulster.ac.uk.
(3)School of Health Sciences, Ulster University, BT37 0QB, UK. Electronic 
address: Watson-A15@ulster.ac.u.
(4)Radiotherapy and Oncology School of Health Sciences, Ulster University, 
Jordanstown Campus, Newtownabbey, BT37 0QB, UK. Electronic address: 
ph.shepherd@ulster.ac.uk.

INTRODUCTION: Following the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic in January 2020, 
a radical restructure of NHS services occurred, prioritising the acute needs of 
infected patients. This included suspending routine procedures, leading to an 
inevitable resurgence in the future, placing increased demands on the NHS, 
including diagnostic and therapeutic radiographers. With radiography departments 
already experiencing staff shortages due to COVID-19 related illnesses and 
vulnerable staff shielding, there is a need to implement plans within 
radiography departments to ensure their sustainability in the future.
METHODS: A mixed methods study was undertaken in Northern Ireland, involving 
distribution of a survey to diagnostic and therapeutic radiographers alongside 
conducting interviews with radiography department managers.
RESULTS: 106 radiographers completed the survey, with 9 radiography managers and 
2 band eight superintendents participating in interviews. Over 60% of 
participants felt that morale declined in their departments, with the majority 
feeling that the pandemic had a negative impact on their physical or mental 
health and wellbeing. Managers felt that to improve staff morale and motivation, 
incentives need to be offered including remuneration, flexible working and 
support for professional development.
CONCLUSION: Whilst predicting when the next wave of a COVID-19 variant or the 
next pandemic will occur is impossible, preparation and planning will help 
manage the situation better. This requires identifying clinical areas for 
expansion/retraction and having access to additional staff to meet the demands 
on the service to ensure all patients receive care not just those acutely ill.
IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE: This study has identified key lessons learned from 
the pandemic within the radiography departments. This will enable preparation 
and strategic planning for future pandemics.

Copyright © 2022 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.radi.2022.07.006
PMCID: PMC9359931
PMID: 36008264 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


293. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Jul 30;2022:2413922. doi: 10.1155/2022/2413922. 
eCollection 2022.

Study on the Cytotoxic Microstructure of Titanium Dioxide Nanoparticles by X-Ray 
Phase-Contrast CT Imaging.

Fei J(1), Nie S(1), Zhang B(2), Teng X(3), Chen Y(1), Qu Y(4), Cheng Z(4), Guo 
L(4).

Author information:
(1)The First Affiliated Hospital of Jiamusi University, Intensive Care Unit, Jia 
Mu Si 154000, China.
(2)Jiamusi University, Department of Pathophysiology, Jia Mu Si 154000, China.
(3)The Tumor Hospital of Jiamusi, Department of Tumor, Jia Mu Si 154000, China.
(4)The First Affiliated Hospital of Jiamusi University, Department of General 
Surgery, Jia Mu Si 154000, China.

Retraction in
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9863601. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9863601.

To address the problem of microstructural analysis of titania nanoparticles with 
high cytotoxicity, the authors propose X-ray phase-comparative CT imaging 
studies. In this method, the HE-stained section samples were compared with the 
X-ray phase-contrast CT imaging microscopic images, and 3D texture analysis was 
used to observe the changes in the preparation of hepatocyte microstructures in 
the two groups. The results show that X-ray phase-contrast CT imaging 
microscopic images and their larger image size are closely related to HE 
staining images, and X-ray phase-contrast CT microscopic images can observe 
important data of hepatocytes from multiple angles. The ship skeleton extraction 
method based on the endpoint limit also has advantages over traditional 
algorithms in extraction accuracy and can provide more 3D feature files, 
confirming the growth and transformation of normal hepatocytes into hepatocyte 
cytotoxic microstructures. The distribution effect of using the ensemble process 
is better than the simple 2D feature set and 3D feature set, and the overall 
accuracy is improved; the result distribution of the tree determination and 
random forest methods is also better than that of the support vector machine 
method. The experimental results show that the X-ray phase-contrast CT images 
can highlight the 2D and 3D imaging features of the hepatotoxic microstructure 
of TiO2 nanoparticles and provide data for quantitative analysis.

Copyright © 2022 Jingtong Fei et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2413922
PMCID: PMC9356853
PMID: 35992550 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


294. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Aug 11;2022:7496753. doi: 
10.1155/2022/7496753. eCollection 2022.

Effects of Swallowing Rehabilitation Training with a Balloon Dilation Therapy on 
the Deglutition Function and Quality of Life of Patients with Dysphagia after 
Radiotherapy for Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma.

Zhao Y(1), Liang J(2), Ou H(2), Zhang J(1), Huang H(1), Feng H(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otolaryngology, The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou 
Medical University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510700, China.
(2)Department of Rehabilitation, The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou 
Medical University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510700, China.
(3)Department of Nutrition, The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical 
University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510700, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9834549. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9834549.

OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study is to investigate the effects of swallowing 
rehabilitation training with a balloon dilation therapy on the deglutition 
function and quality of life of patients with dysphagia after radiotherapy for 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC).
METHODS: The study was a retrospective study. The data of the 100 patients with 
dysphagia after NPC radiotherapy in our hospital between April 2021 and April 
2022 were retrospectively analyzed. The patients were separated into the control 
group (n = 50) and experimental group (n = 50) according to their different 
treatments that were balloon dilation for the former and balloon dilation with 
swallowing rehabilitation training for the latter. The deglutition function, 
which was comprehensively evaluated by Kubota's water swallow test and 
assessments of penetration/aspiration and pharyngeal residue, and quality of 
life were compared between the two groups.
RESULTS: The scores of Kubota's water swallow test, penetration aspiration scale 
(PAS), and Yale pharyngeal residue severity rating scale (YPR-SRS) in the 
experimental group after treatment were (2.04 ± 0.66), (2.92 ± 1.07), and 
(2.42 ± 0.90), respectively, which were remarkably lower than (2.58 ± 0.78), 
(4.38 ± 1.51), and (2.78 ± 0.86) in the control group, with distinct differences 
in the data between both the groups (P < 0.05). The quality of life of patients 
in the experimental group was distinctly better than that in the control group 
(P < 0.001).
CONCLUSION: Swallowing rehabilitation training in combination with a balloon 
dilation therapy can improve the deglutition function in patients with dysphagia 
after NPC radiotherapy as well as their quality of life, with a clinical 
application value.

Copyright © 2022 Yaoxin Zhao et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/7496753
PMCID: PMC9388251
PMID: 35990846

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


295. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Aug 12;2022:9086962. doi: 
10.1155/2022/9086962. eCollection 2022.

Risk Factors for Thyroid Dysfunction in Patients with Advanced Non-Small-Cell 
Lung Cancer Treated with PD-1 Antibody.

Zhang J(1), Lou J(2).

Author information:
(1)Endocrinology Department, Hunan Provincial People's Hospital, The First 
Affiliated Hospital of Hunan Normal University, Changsha, Hunan 410100, China.
(2)Surgery, Changsha County Maternal and Child Health Care Hospital, Changsha, 
Hunan 410100, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9868347. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9868347.

OBJECTIVE: To analyze the health status of thyroid function in patients with 
advanced non-small-cell lung cancer cured with PD-1 antibody and to explore the 
risk factors of thyroid dysfunction.
METHODS: 100 patients from Hunan Provincial People's Hospital with advanced 
non-small-cell lung cancer hospitalized from January 2021 to March 2022 were 
selected. All patients were treated with a PD-1 antibody. The differences in 
sex, age, operation history, chemotherapy history, radiotherapy history, and 
thyroid nodules between patients with abnormal thyroid function and normal 
thyroid function after treatment were compared. Moreover, the risk factors of 
thyroid dysfunction were analyzed.
RESULTS: The proportion of women in the normal thyroid function group was lower 
compared to the abnormal thyroid function group. And the proportion of patients 
with the course of the disease within 1 year in the normal thyroid function 
group was higher compared to the abnormal thyroid function group. The incidence 
of thyroid color ultrasound nodules in the normal thyroid function group was 
remarkably higher compared to the abnormal thyroid function group (P < 0.05). 
The proportion of patients with nodules in the abnormal thyroid function group 
was remarkably higher compared to the normal thyroid function group. Among the 
36 patients who developed abnormal thyroid function, the incidence of 
hyperthyroidism (hyperthyroidism) and subclinical hyperthyroidism (subclinical 
hyperthyroidism) was 33.33%. The incidence of hypothyroidism (hypothyroidism) 
and hypothyroidism (subclinical hypothyroidism) was 66.66%. The cumulative 
incidence rates after 3 cycles, 6 cycles, and 12 cycles were 63.88%, 83.33%, and 
94.44%, respectively. T4 and FT3 levels decreased more than the normal group 
following therapy. The results showed that females, course of disease more than 
one year, and thyroid nodule were independent risk factors of thyroid 
dysfunction.
CONCLUSION: Female gender, disease duration of more than 1 year, and thyroid 
nodules were independent risk factors for thyroid dysfunction after PD-1 
antibody therapy. Therefore, clinical treatment should focus on patients with 
the above factors, and early intervention should be implemented to avoid the 
occurrence of thyroid dysfunction after PD-1 antibody treatment.

Copyright © 2022 Junjun Zhang and Jing Lou.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9086962
PMCID: PMC9391114
PMID: 35990831

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


296. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Emerg Med Int. 2022 Aug 11;2022:6293816. doi: 10.1155/2022/6293816. eCollection 
2022.

Clinical Effect of Apatinib Mesylate Tablets Combined with Paclitaxel Concurrent 
Radiotherapy and Chemotherapy in the First-Line Treatment of Locally Advanced 
Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma.

Zhan D(1), Chen Z(1), Yang D(1), Wen J(1), Liu W(1).

Author information:
(1)Cancer Center, Affiliated Hospital of Guangdong Medical University, Zhanjiang 
524000, Guangdong, China.

Retraction in
    Emerg Med Int. 2024 Jan 24;2024:9795276. doi: 10.1155/2024/9795276.

OBJECTIVE: To explore the clinical efficacy and safety of apatinib combined with 
paclitaxel in the first-line treatment of locally advanced nasopharyngeal 
carcinoma.
METHODS: From March 2016 to June 2018, 114 patients with locally advanced 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma who received first-line treatment in our hospital were 
selected as the patient group, and those who received apatinib combined with 
paclitaxel concurrent radiotherapy and chemotherapy were selected as the 
research group (n = 54), while those who received paclitaxel concurrent 
radiotherapy and chemotherapy were selected as the control group (n = 60). Sixty 
healthy individuals in our hospital were recruited in the same period as the 
healthy group. The clinical effective rate, adverse reactions, 2-year overall 
survival rate (OS), 2-year progression-free survival rate (PFS), and quality of 
life were compared between the two groups, and the expression of miR-655 in the 
serum of each group was tested by RT-qPCR.
RESULTS: The total clinical effective rate of the research group was higher than 
that of the control group, and the 2-year OS and PFS of the research group were 
also higher than those of the control group (P < 0.05). Both groups of patients 
could tolerate the treatment, but the incidence of hypertension and proteinuria 
in the research group was higher than that in the control group (P < 0.05). The 
expression of miR-655 in the serum of patients was lower than that of the 
healthy group (P < 0.05). After treatment, miR-655 in serum increased in both 
the groups and miR-655 in the research group was higher than that in the control 
group (P < 0.05). The 2-year survival rate of OS and PFS in patients with low 
expression of miR-655 was significantly lower than that in patients with high 
expression of miR-655 (P < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: Apatinib combined with paclitaxel concurrent radiotherapy and 
chemotherapy is effective and well-tolerated in the treatment of locally 
advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma, which improves the quality of life of 
patients and can be popularized in clinical practice. In addition, the increase 
of miR-655 may be a target for treating nasopharyngeal carcinoma.

Copyright © 2022 Dechao Zhan et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/6293816
PMCID: PMC9388316
PMID: 35990372

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


297. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2022 Aug 9;2022:2775433. doi: 10.1155/2022/2775433. 
eCollection 2022.

Circular RNA hsa_circ_0002360 Promotes Proliferation and Invasion and Inhibits 
Oxidative Stress in Gastric Cancer by Sponging miR-629-3p and Regulating the 
PDLIM4 Expression.

Yu Z(1), Lan J(2), Li W(1), Jin L(3), Qi F(4), Yu C(5), Zhu H(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Soochow 
University, No. 188, Shizi Street, Gusu District, Suzhou 215006 Jiangsu, China.
(2)Department of General Surgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of Soochow 
University, No. 188, Shizi Street, Gusu District, Suzhou 215006 Jiangsu, China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Sichuan Cancer Hospital & Institute, Sichuan 
Cancer Center, School of Medicine, University of Electronic Science and 
Technology of China, 55# Renmin South Road, 610041 Chengdu, Sichuan, China.
(4)Department of Pharmacy, The Fourth Affiliated Hospital of Nantong University, 
Yancheng City No. 1 Peoples' Hospital, Yancheng, 224006 Jiangsu, China.
(5)Department of Integrated TCM & Western Medicine, Jiangsu Cancer Hospital & 
Jiangsu Institute of Cancer Research & The Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Nanjing 
Medical University, Nanjing, China.
(6)Department of Traditional Chinese Medicine, The First Affiliated Hospital of 
Soochow University, No. 188, Shizi Street, Gusu District, Suzhou 215006 Jiangsu, 
China.

Retraction in
    Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9793618. doi: 10.1155/2023/9793618.

Many studies have found that circRNA hsa_0002360 (circ0002360) plays an 
important role in cancer onset and progression. However, its role in gastric 
cancer (GC) remains uncertain. Circ0002360 was found to be upregulated in GC 
cells using QRT-PCR. Furthermore, miR-629-3p, a target miRNA of circ0002360, was 
the most suppressed miRNA following circ0002360 overexpression. RNA 
immunoprecipitation (RIP), dual-luciferase reporter analyses, clone formation, 
transwell, DCFH-DA, and ELISA assays demonstrated that circ0002360-targeted 
miR-629-3p promotes cell proliferation and migration while inhibiting oxidative 
stress. GC-related mRNA microarrays from the GEO and TCGA databases, including 
GSE103236, GSE79973, GSE33429, GSE22804, GSE84437, and TCGA-STAD datasets, were 
used to find hub biomarkers between normal and gastric cancer samples. WGCNA and 
uni-Cox analysis were used to identify 27 survival-related risk genes, which 
were then used to build a risk model for prognosis prediction. Following that, 
all patients from the GSE84437 and TCGA-STAD datasets with 27 survival-related 
genes and enough data on survival status and time were randomly assigned to 
train (n = 433) and test (n = 375) cohorts. Furthermore, ROC and Kaplan-Meier 
(KM) analyses were used to validate the risk model for both cohorts. 
randomForest analysis indicated that PDLIM4 was the target gene of miR-629-3p, 
whose level was increased by circ0002360 but reversed by miR-629-3p mimics. 
Finally, this study confirmed that circ0002360 sponged miR-629-3p and then 
upregulated PDLIM4 expression. As a result, circ0002360 may be a useful marker 
for predicting GC prognosis and an anti-GC treatment target.

Copyright © 2022 Zhengyuan Yu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2775433
PMCID: PMC9381216
PMID: 35982735 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest.


298. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Aug 8;2022:7963146. doi: 10.1155/2022/7963146. 
eCollection 2022.

Grading Evaluation of Cardiotoxicity in Patients with Breast Cancer Treated with 
Adjuvant Paclitaxel Anthracycline/Cyclophosphamide Chemotherapy: A 
Meta-Analysis.

Hu W(1), Song M(2), Li L(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cardiology, The Fifth People's Hospital of Shangrao City, 
Jiangxi Province, Shangrao 334099, China.
(2)Jiangxi Provincial People's Hospital Affiliated to Nanchang University, 
Nanchang 330006, China.
(3)Department of Cardiology, Jiangxi Provincial People's Hospital, Nanchang 
330006, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jul 12;2023:9783196. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9783196.

OBJECTIVE: The cardiac safety of concurrent treatment with anthracycline (A), 
cyclophosphamide (C), and paclitaxel (T) in an adjuvant BC treatment regimen is 
still under debate. In this study, we aimed to determine cardiotoxicity events 
following ACT chemotherapy among operable breast cancer patients without 
HER2-positive.
METHODS: We searched PubMed and the Cochrane Library for RCTs prior to July 2019 
evaluating the cardiac impairment of ACT chemotherapy regimens in BC patients. 
The search terms were "BC," "chemotherapy," "docetaxel or "doxorubicin," 
"paclitaxel," and "cyclophosphamide." Cardiotoxic events included LVEF decline ≥ 
10 points, congestive heart failure (CHF), and cardiac death.
RESULTS: In total, 12 studies with 4032 subjects were included in this 
meta-analysis, and all patients received ACT regimen. The analysis results 
indicated that LVEF decrease ≥ 10 points was the most common cardiotoxic event 
(16%; (95% CI (8%-24%)) with χ 2 = 95.75, P < 0.001, I 2 = 95.8%). CHF showed 
the lowest rate (1%; (95% CI (0%-1%)) with χ 2 = 8.00, P = 0.433, I 2 = 0.0%). 
Subgroup analysis demonstrated that the incidence of CHF due to A → C → T 
chemotherapy regimen was lower than that of other events, however, without 
significance. No significant difference was observed in the occurrence of 
cardiac death.
CONCLUSION: The ACT regimen in patients with HER2-negative BC was associated 
with an increased risk of adverse cardiactoxic events.

Copyright © 2022 Weibao Hu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/7963146
PMCID: PMC9377951
PMID: 35979049 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


299. Vet Radiol Ultrasound. 2022 Nov;63(6):798-806. doi: 10.1111/vru.13139. Epub 2022 
Aug 15.

Pilot study evaluating the tolerability of a 3 Gy × 10 daily fraction 
3D-conformal palliative radiation therapy protocol plus toceranib for the 
treatment of measurable carcinomas in the dog.

Keyerleber MA(1), Barber LG(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Clinical Sciences, Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine, 
Tufts University, North Grafton, Massachusetts, USA.

The use of radiation therapy in conjunction with small molecule inhibitors is an 
appealing treatment combination for non-resectable carcinomas, which tend to be 
locally invasive with variable risk of locoregional metastasis. This 
prospective, pilot study aimed to evaluate the tolerability and adverse event 
profile of concurrent toceranib and palliative-intent radiation therapy (PRT) in 
dogs with measurable carcinoma and to secondarily evaluate short-term measurable 
tumor response. Fifteen dogs with measurable carcinoma received toceranib and 
3D-conformal PRT in 3 Gy/fraction for 10 daily fractions. Adverse events were 
graded using standard schemes and tolerability was followed via quality-of-life 
questionnaires during the 12-week treatment period. Thirteen dogs (87%) 
experienced acute radiation toxicity, graded as severe in three dogs. All dogs 
experienced toceranib toxicity, graded as severe in one dog. Seven dogs (47%) 
completed the 12-week study protocol; four were withdrawn due to toxicity and/or 
associated poor quality of life and four developed progressive disease. Based on 
these preliminary results, this 3D-conformal chemoradiation protocol should be 
considered with caution and only with proper owner education on potential 
toxicity. More conformal treatment planning techniques or alternative protocols 
should be investigated for improved tolerability.

© 2022 American College of Veterinary Radiology.

DOI: 10.1111/vru.13139
PMID: 35969240 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


300. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Aug 5;2022:2832739. doi: 
10.1155/2022/2832739. eCollection 2022.

Effect of Shenqi Fuzheng Injection on Leukopenia and T-cell Subsets in Patients 
with Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Undergoing Radiotherapy.

Wu C(1), Liang Y(1), Fu F(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Central South University Xiangya School of 
Medicine Affiliated Haikou Hospital, Haikou 570208, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9857310. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9857310.

PURPOSE: The aim of this study is to evaluate the effect of Shenqi fuzheng 
injection on leukopenia and T-cell subsets in patients with non-small cell lung 
cancer (NSCLC) undergoing radiotherapy.
METHODS: A total of 124 patients with advanced NSCLC treated in the oncology 
department of our hospital from January 2017 to January 2019 were included and 
assigned at a ratio of 1 : 1 to receive conventional radiotherapy (control 
group, n = 62) or conventional radiotherapy plus Shenqi Fuzheng injection (study 
group, n = 62) via the random number table method.
RESULTS: The study group showed a significantly higher objective response rate 
(ORR) and a lower incidence of leukopenia versus the control group (P < 0.05). 
After the treatment, Shenqi Fuzheng injection resulted in significantly lower 
levels of carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) and neuron-specific enolase (NSE) in 
the study group versus conventional treatment given to the control group. After 
the treatment, the control group showed significantly decreased ratios of CD3+ T 
cells, CD4+ T cells, and CD4+/CD8+, and an increased ratio of CD8+ T cells, and 
significant differences when compared with the study group. The T-cell subsets 
of the patients in the study group showed no significant changes than those 
between the treatment. The median OS was 20.0 months in the control group and 
23.5 months in the study group. The differences between the two groups in terms 
of OS did not come up to the statistical standard.
CONCLUSION: Shenqi Fuzheng injection for NSCLC patients undergoing radiotherapy 
elevates the number of white blood cells, regulates T-cell immune function, 
reduces tumor markers, and enhances clinical efficacy. Further clinical trials 
are, however, required prior to clinical promotion.

Copyright © 2022 Chengde Wu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2832739
PMCID: PMC9374546
PMID: 35966722

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


301. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Jul 31;2022:5480409. doi: 10.1155/2022/5480409. 
eCollection 2022.

Radiation Exposure of Crystalline Bodies during Interventional Therapy and 
Related Research Status.

Chen Y(1)(2), Zhao D(1)(2), Zhong H(1)(2), Zhang Y(1)(2), An D(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Catheter Room, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University, Changchun, 
Jilin 130031, China.
(2)Department of Radiological Intervention, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, Changchun, Jilin 130031, China.

Retraction in
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Oct 4;2023:9848010. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9848010.

The aim of this study was to estimate the exposure dose level of ocular 
corpuscles during the common interventional procedures of interventional 
radiology workers. This article retrospectively analyzed the general instruments 
and equipment of interventional therapy, the general methods and steps of 
interventional therapy, and the influence of X-ray of interventional surgery. 
The related contents of eye protection for interventional radiology workers were 
summarized. This study found that there was a significant linear correlation 
between the equivalent dose of lens and the exposure time. The tube voltage, 
tube current, and the size of fluoroscopic field of vision also have an impact 
on the radiation of workers during surgical exposure. Interventional surgery is 
difficult and easy. The exposure time of difficult surgery is relatively long, 
so the dose received by interventional staff is large. The intervention staff 
should improve their professional knowledge, be proficient in the operation 
technology, and try to reduce the exposure without affecting the diagnosis and 
treatment effect. During the intervention operation, the eye substance of the 
operator is exposed to a certain dose of radiation, and the wearing rate of 
protective lead glasses of the intervention staff is very low. Therefore, we 
must pay attention to the protection of the eyes, strengthen the protection 
management, and reduce the exposure dose of the intervention staff as much as 
possible.

Copyright © 2022 Yahong Chen et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5480409
PMCID: PMC9357732
PMID: 35965630 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


302. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jul 31;2022:8370842. doi: 10.1155/2022/8370842. 
eCollection 2022.

Effect of Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy Combined with Thermoplastic 
Fixation on Set-Up Errors in Breast Cancer Patients Undergoing Radiotherapy.

Zhu L(1), Liu J(2), Li Y(1), Yang Q(3), Wu Q(2), Lin Q(1), Chen S(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Xiamen Radiotherapy Quality Control Center, 
Xiamen Cancer Center, Xiamen Key Laboratory of Radiation Oncology, The Third 
Clinical Medical College of Fujian Medical University, The First Affiliated 
Hospital of Xiamen University, School of Medicine, Xiamen University, Xiamen, 
Fujian, China.
(2)Radiation Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xiamen University, 
Xiamen, Fujian, China.
(3)Department of Breast Surgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xiamen 
University, Xiamen, Fujian, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jul 26;2023:9857125. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9857125.

OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of stereotactic radiotherapy (SBRT) 
combined with thermoplastic fixation on set-up error in breast cancer (BC) 
patients undergoing radiotherapy.
METHODS: Ninety BC patients undergoing radiotherapy who were treated in our 
hospital (May 2019-May 2020) were selected as the research objects and equally 
divided into the experimental group and control group according to the order of 
hospitalization, with 45 patients in each group. The control group received 
conventional radiotherapy combined with breast bracket, and the experimental 
group received SBRT combined with thermoplastic fixation. The incidences of 
adverse reactions, 1-year survival rates, and set-up errors were compared 
between the two groups.
RESULTS: Compared with the control group, the experimental group had much lower 
total incidence of adverse reactions and remarkably higher 1-year survival rate. 
The translational errors (X direction, Y direction, and Z direction), 
translational errors after rotation (X direction, Y direction, and Z direction), 
and rotation errors (X direction, Y direction, and Z direction) in the 
experimental group were obviously lower compared with those in the control 
group.
CONCLUSION: Implementing SBRT combined with thermoplastic fixation in BC 
patients undergoing radiotherapy can effectively improve set-up efficiency and 
treatment accuracy and reduce set-up errors. Compared with the breast bracket, 
the combination of SBRT and thermoplastic fixation has higher application value, 
and further studies are conducive to providing patients with a better solution 
plan.

Copyright © 2022 Luchao Zhu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/8370842
PMCID: PMC9357780
PMID: 35959358 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they do not have any 
commercial or associative interest that represents a conflict of interest in 
connection with the work submitted.


303. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Jul 31;2022:1732214. doi: 
10.1155/2022/1732214. eCollection 2022.

Association of GAB2 with Quality of Life and Negative Emotions in Patients with 
Gastric Cancer after Postoperative Comprehensive Care.

Zhuang J(1), Yu J(1), Yang Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Changzhou Cancer Hospital, Changzhou 213000, 
China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9812408. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9812408.

GRB2-associated binding protein 2 (GAB2), a highly conserved scaffold protein, 
is abnormally expressed and activated in patients with gastric cancer (GC). 
However, the genetic diversity of GAB2 in GC and its association with the 
clinical manifestations of patients are still unclear. Here, we explored the 
polymorphism of GAB2 rs2373115 in GC and its association with quality of life 
(QOL) and negative emotions of patients with GC after postoperative 
comprehensive care. A case-control study showed that the frequency of the GG 
genotype of GAB2 rs2373115 in the GC patients was higher than that in the 
healthy people, while the frequency of the TT + TG genotype was lower than that 
in the healthy people. Obvious distinctions were observed in the histological 
grade and TNM staging between the GG genotype and TT + TG genotype. In addition, 
SAS and SDS scores in the patients with GG genotype were higher than those in 
patients with TT + TG genotype, while the emotional function, cognitive 
function, dyspnea, fatigue, sleep disorder, and overall QOL in patients with GG 
genotype were lower than those in patients with TT + TG genotype. These results 
showed that GAB2 rs2373115 polymorphism was related to QOL and negative emotions 
in patients with GC after postoperative comprehensive care.

Copyright © 2022 Juping Zhuang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/1732214
PMCID: PMC9357693
PMID: 35958936

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest.


304. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Jul 31;2022:5020960. doi: 
10.1155/2022/5020960. eCollection 2022.

Treatment of Elderly Femoral Intertrochanteric Fracture by InterTan 
Intramedullary Nail and PFNA.

Su Z(1), Yang M(1), Luo G(1), Liang L(2), Hao Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Orthopedics, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Army Medical 
University, Chongqing 400037, China.
(2)Department of Clinical Laboratory, The Second People's Hospital in Jiulongpo 
District Chongqing, Chongqing 400000, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9780150. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9780150.

To analyze the treatment of elderly femoral intertrochanteric fracture (EFIF) 
using InterTan intramedullary nail (InterTanIN) and proximal femoral nail 
antirotation (PFNA). A total of 75 patients suffering from EFIF receiving 
intramedullary fixation were retrospectively collected. According to 
intramedullary fixation methods, the patients were separated into InterTanIN 
group and PFNA group. Parameters including the surgery time, blood loss, number 
of X-ray fluoroscopy, hospital stays, bone-healing time, postoperative Harris 
hip score (HIS) (1 month, 3 months, 6 months, and 12 months), and complications 
were collected and analyzed. The results showed surgery time, blood loss, and 
number of X-ray fluoroscopy in InterTanIN group were higher than those in PFNA 
group (P < 0.05). The mean hospital stay in the InterTanIN group was comparable 
to that in the PFNA group (P > 0.05). There was no significant difference in 
bone-healing time between the InterTanIN group and PFNA group (P > 0.05). The 
postoperative HIS of InterTanIN group was statistically better than PFNA group 
at the 3rd month and the 6th month (P < 0.05). With the extension of recovery 
time, the gap between the two groups gradually narrowed. The postoperative 
implant displacement happened more often in the PFNA group than in the 
InterTanIN group. EFIF treated with InterTanIN or PFNA could achieve good 
long-term efficacy. Although InterTanIN has the disadvantages of increased 
operative time, blood loss, and radiation exposure compared to PFNA, the 
postoperative hip function recovery of InterTanIN seems to be more reliable and 
stable than PFNA.

Copyright © 2022 Zhengbing Su et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5020960
PMCID: PMC9357690
PMID: 35958926

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


305. Cells. 2022 Jul 27;11(15):2309. doi: 10.3390/cells11152309.

Selective Internal Radiotherapy Changes the Immune Profiles of Extracellular 
Vesicles and Their Immune Origin in Patients with Inoperable Cholangiocarcinoma.

Haag F(1)(2), Manikkam A(1)(2), Kraft D(1), Bär C(1), Wilke V(1), Nowak 
AJ(1)(2), Bertrand J(3), Omari J(1)(2), Pech M(1)(2), Gylstorff S(1)(2), Relja 
B(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Experimental Radiology, Department of Radiology and Nuclear Medicine, 
Otto-von-Guericke University Magdeburg, 39120 Magdeburg, Germany.
(2)Research Campus STIMULATE, Otto-von-Guericke University, 39106 Magdeburg, 
Germany.
(3)Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, Otto-von-Guericke University, 39120 
Magdeburg, Germany.

The incidence of cholangiocellular carcinoma (CCA) is rising worldwide. As there 
are no specific early symptoms or specific markers of CCA, it is often diagnosed 
in later inoperable stages. Accumulating evidence underlines the importance of 
radiation therapy in the induction of antitumor immunity. The surface protein 
composition on extracellular vesicles (EVs) relates to originating cells and 
thus may play a role in vesicle function. We assessed immune profiles of EVs and 
their immune origin in patients with inoperable CCA prior and after selective 
internal radiotherapy (SIRT). A total of 47 CCA patients receiving SIRT and 12 
healthy volunteers (HV) were included. Blood was withdrawn before therapy (pre 
T) and after T. EVs were purified from plasma by cluster of differentiation 
(CD)9-, CD63-, and CD81-immunobead isolation. To detect differently abundant 
surface markers, dynamic range and EVs input quality were assessed. A total of 
37 EVs surface markers were measured by flow cytometry and correlated either 
with the administered activity dose (MBq) or with the interval until death 
(month). EVs phenotyping identified lymphocytes, B cells, NK cells, platelets, 
endothelial cells, leukocyte activation, B cell activation, T and B cell 
adhesion markers, stem/progenitor cells, and antigen-presenting cells (APC) as 
EVs-parenteral cells. CD4 and CD8 significantly declined, while other markers 
significantly increased in CCA patients pre T vs. HV. Platelets-deriving EVs 
significantly decreased, normalizing to levels of HV but still significantly 
increasing vs. HV post SIRT. B cells-deriving EVs significantly increased pre T 
vs. HV, positively correlating with administered activity dose. MHCII and CD40 
EVs significantly increased pre SIRT and negatively correlated with administered 
activity dose, while EVs from antigen presenting cells and CD49e pre SIRT 
positively correlated with survival time after therapy. Increased levels of CD24 
and CD44 in cancer pre T were significantly decreased post T. Among the 
heterogeneity of EVs that was demonstrated, in particular, B cells-deriving, 
MHCII, and CD40 positive or APC-deriving EVs need to be further studied for 
their diagnostic or prognostic relevance in clinical scenarios.

DOI: 10.3390/cells11152309
PMCID: PMC9367375
PMID: 35954154 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


306. Eur J Pharm Sci. 2022 Oct 1;177:106245. doi: 10.1016/j.ejps.2022.106245. Epub 
2022 Aug 7.

Retraction notice to "Amelioration of UV radiation-induced photoaging by a 
combinational sunscreen formulation via aversion of oxidative collagen 
degradation and promotion of TGF-β-Smad-mediated collagen production" [European 
Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences 127 (2019) 261-275].

Bora NS(1), Mazumder B(2), Mandal S(3), Patowary P(1), Goyary D(4), 
Chattopadhyay P(4), Dwivedi SK(4).

Author information:
(1)Division of Pharmaceutical Technology, Defence Research Laboratory, Tezpur 
784001, Assam, India; Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Dibrugarh 
University, Dibrugarh 784001, Assam, India.
(2)Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Dibrugarh University, Dibrugarh 
784001, Assam, India.
(3)Division of Pharmaceutical Technology, Defence Research Laboratory, Tezpur 
784001, Assam, India; School of Pharmaceutical Sciences, IFTM University, 
Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh 244001, India.
(4)Division of Pharmaceutical Technology, Defence Research Laboratory, Tezpur 
784001, Assam, India.

Retraction of
    Eur J Pharm Sci. 2019 Jan 15;127:261-275. doi: 10.1016/j.ejps.2018.11.004.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ejps.2022.106245
PMID: 35948491


307. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Scanning. 2022 Jul 19;2022:3123565. doi: 10.1155/2022/3123565. eCollection 2022.

Comparison of Improved Surgical Eight-Step Handwashing Combined with ATP 
Fluorescence in Detecting the Infection Rate at the Site of Seven-Step Surgical 
Handwashing and 30-Day Orthopaedic Surgery: A Randomized Study.

Chen X(1), Wang T(2), Li Q(1), Cheng L(3), Xie Z(3), Xu J(3), Yang D(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Operating Room, Xianyou County General Hospital, Putian 351200, 
China.
(2)Department of Orthopedics, Beijing Jishuitan Hospital, Beijing 100035, China.
(3)Department of Orthopedics, Putian Medical District, The 900th Hospital of 
Joint Logistic Support Force, PLA, Putian 351100, China.

Retraction in
    Scanning. 2023 Jul 12;2023:9854789. doi: 10.1155/2023/9854789.

OBJECTIVES: To compare the effects of two hand cleaning schemes on the 
prevention of surgical site infection in routine orthopaedic surgery. Compared 
with the standard surgical seven-step washing technique and detected by ATP 
fluorescence method, the handwashing effects of the improved surgical eight-step 
washing technique and the standard surgical seven-step washing technique were 
compared, so as to provide a basis for eliminating the handwashing blind area of 
the surgical seven step washing technique and improving the surgical handwashing 
method.
METHODS: A total of 800 consecutive patients who underwent clean and 
clean-contaminated orthopaedic surgery between January 1, 2020 and December 31, 
2020. Twenty orthopaedic doctors in the operating room of our research team were 
randomly divided into the improved eight-step washing technique group (improved 
group) and the traditional seven-step washing technique group (traditional 
group), with 10 people in each group. Each person was randomly sampled 40 times, 
400 people in each group, a total of 800 people, and completed by stages in 12 
months. Main Outcome Measures. The infection rate of surgical site 30 days after 
operation was the primary end point. The qualified rate of fingertip culture was 
combined with ATP fluorescence in the two groups and three new culture areas in 
the two groups: the lateral edge of the palm, the medial edge of the palm, and 
the nail groove of the middle finger and the nail root were secondary end 
points.
RESULTS: The 2 protocols were comparable in regard to surgical site infection 
risk factors. The infection rate of surgical site in the traditional group was 
10 cases (2.50%) in 400 cases and 0 cases (0%) in the improved group. Three 
culture areas were added: the qualified rate of lateral edge of palm, medial 
edge of palm, and nail groove and nail root of middle finger, and the nosocomial 
infection rate of surgical incision between the two groups was statistically 
significant (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference in the qualified 
rate of fingertip culture (P > 0.05). The handwashing scheme in this study meets 
the recommended duration of hand disinfection and has good tolerance, and the 
skin dryness and skin irritation after using aqueous solution are similar.
CONCLUSIONS: The improved surgical eight-step washing technique combined with 
ATP fluorescence detection is helpful to eliminate the "blind area" of 
handwashing. It is also necessary to add three training areas. Handwashing and 
training are more scientific, rigorous, and effective. They are effective in 
reducing orthopaedic surgical infection and have application value. They can 
safely replace the traditional surgical seven-step washing technique, which is 
worthy of clinical promotion.

Copyright © 2022 Xiong Chen et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/3123565
PMCID: PMC9325653
PMID: 35937673 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


308. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2022 Jul 27;2022:9900668. doi: 10.1155/2022/9900668. eCollection 
2022.

Classification and Detection of Mesothelioma Cancer Using Feature 
Selection-Enabled Machine Learning Technique.

Shobana M(1), Balasraswathi VR(2), Radhika R(2), Oleiwi AK(3), Chaudhury S(4), 
Ladkat AS(5), Naved M(6), Rahmani AW(7).

Author information:
(1)SRM Institute of Science and Technology, SRM Nagar, Kattankulathur, 
Kanchipuram, 603203, Chennai, India.
(2)Department of Networking and Communications, School of Computing, SRM 
Institute of Science and Technology, Kattankulathur, India.
(3)Department of Computer Technical Engineering, The Islamic University, 54001 
Najaf, Iraq.
(4)University of Engineering and Management, Kolkata, India.
(5)Department of Instrumentation Engineering, Vishwakarma Institute of 
Technology, Pune, India.
(6)Amity International Business School (AIBS), Amity University, Noida, India.
(7)Isteqlal Institute of Higher Education, Kabul, Afghanistan.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2024 Jan 9;2024:9868791. doi: 10.1155/2024/9868791.

Cancer of the mesothelium, sometimes referred to as malignant mesothelioma (MM), 
is an extremely uncommon form of the illness that almost always results in 
death. Chemotherapy, surgery, radiation therapy, and immunotherapy are all 
potential treatments for multiple myeloma; however, the majority of patients are 
identified with the disease at an advanced stage, at which time it is resistant 
to these therapies. After obtaining a diagnosis of advanced multiple myeloma, 
the average length of time that a person lives is one year after hearing this 
news. There is a substantial link between asbestos exposure and mesothelioma 
(MM). Using an approach that enables feature selection and machine learning, 
this article proposes a classification and detection method for mesothelioma 
cancer. The CFS correlation-based feature selection approach is first used in 
the feature selection process. It acts as a filter, selecting just the traits 
that are relevant to the categorization. The accuracy of the categorization 
model is improved as a direct consequence of this. After that, classification is 
carried out with the help of naive Bayes, fuzzy SVM, and the ID3 algorithm. 
Various metrics have been utilized during the process of measuring the 
effectiveness of machine learning strategies. It has been discovered that the 
choice of features has a substantial influence on the accuracy of the 
categorization.

Copyright © 2022 M. Shobana et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9900668
PMCID: PMC9348925
PMID: 35937383 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interest.


309. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jul 27;2022:9547166. doi: 10.1155/2022/9547166. 
eCollection 2022.

Peritumor Edema Serves as an Independent Predictive Factor of Recurrence 
Patterns and Recurrence-Free Survival for High-Grade Glioma.

Chen J(1)(2), Qiu H(2), Chen R(1), Huang J(1), Chen L(1), Wan J(1), Chen Q(1), 
Zhang L(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)School of Medical Imaging, Xuzhou Medical University, Xuzhou 221000, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Affiliated Hospital of Xuzhou Medical 
University, Xuzhou 221000, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9761763. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9761763.

OBJECTIVE: This study is aimed at analyzing the factors affecting the recurrence 
patterns and recurrence-free survival (RFS) of high-grade gliomas (HGG).
METHODS: Eligible patients admitted to the Affiliated Hospital of Xuzhou Medical 
University were selected. Subsequently, the effects of some clinical data 
including age, gender, WHO pathological grades, tumor site, tumor size, clinical 
treatments, and peritumoral edema (PTE) area and molecular markers (Ki-67, MGMT, 
IDH-1, and p53) on HGG patients' recurrence patterns and RFS were analyzed.
RESULTS: A total number of 77 patients were enrolled into this study. After 
analyzing all the cases, it was determined that tumor size and tumor site had a 
significant influence on the recurrent patterns of HGG, and PTE was an 
independent predict factor of recurrence patterns. Specifically, when the PTE 
was mild (<1 cm), the recurrence pattern tended to be local; in contrast, HGG 
was more likely to progress to marginal recurrence and distant recurrence. 
Furthermore, age and PTE were significantly associated with RFS; the median RFS 
of the population with PTE < 1 cm (23.60 months) was obviously longer than the 
population with PTE ≥ 1 cm (5.00 months).
CONCLUSIONS: PTE is an independent predictor of recurrence patterns and RFS for 
HGG. Therefore, preoperative identification of PTE in HGG patients is crucially 
important, which is helpful to accurately estimate the recurrence pattern and 
RFS.

Copyright © 2022 Jie Chen et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9547166
PMCID: PMC9348930
PMID: 35936378 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


310. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jul 28;2022:4449696. doi: 10.1155/2022/4449696. 
eCollection 2022.

MRI Using Artificial Intelligence Algorithm to Evaluate Concurrent 
Chemoradiotherapy for Local Recurrence and Distant Metastasis of Cervical 
Squamous Cell Carcinoma.

Wu Y(1), Chen T(1), Huang Y(1), Li Y(2), Wang X(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology Radiotherapy, The Third Affiliated Hospital of Wenzhou 
Medical University (Ruian People's Hospital), Ruian, Wenzhou, 325200 Zhejiang, 
China.
(2)Department of Radiology and Imaging, The Third Affiliated Hospital of Wenzhou 
Medical University (Ruian People's Hospital), Ruian, Wenzhou, 325200 Zhejiang, 
China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jul 12;2023:9876019. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9876019.

The aim of this study was to investigate the magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) 
features of patients with local recurrence and distant metastasis of cervical 
squamous cell carcinoma before and after concurrent chemoradiotherapy based on 
artificial intelligence algorithm. In this study, 100 patients with cervical 
squamous cell carcinoma with local recurrence and distant metastasis who 
underwent concurrent chemoradiotherapy were collected as the research subjects, 
and all underwent MRI multisequence imaging scans. At the same time, according 
to the evaluation criteria of solid tumor efficacy, patients with complete 
remission were classified into the effective group, and patients with partial 
remission, progressive disease, and stable disease were classified into the 
ineffective group. In addition, an image segmentation algorithm based on Balloon 
Snake model was proposed for MRI image processing, and simulation experiments 
were carried out. The results showed that the Dice coefficient of the proposed 
model segmentation of the reconstructed image was significantly higher than that 
of the level set model and the greedy algorithm, while the running time was the 
opposite (P < 0.05). The lesion volume (38.76 ± 5.34 cm3) in the effective group 
after treatment was significantly smaller than that in the noneffective group 
(46.33 ± 4.64 cm3), and the rate of lesion volume shrinkage (28.71%) was 
significantly larger than that in the noneffective group (12.49%) (P < 0.05). 
The relative apparent diffusion coefficient (rADC) value and rADC value change 
rate of the lesion after treatment in the effective group were significantly 
greater than those in the noneffective group (P < 0.05). In summary, the image 
segmentation and reconstruction algorithm based on Balloon Snake model can not 
only improve the quality of MRI images but also shorten the processing time and 
improve the diagnostic efficiency. The volume regression rate and rADC value 
change rate of cervical squamous cell carcinoma lesion can reflect the early 
efficacy of concurrent chemoradiotherapy for cervical squamous cell carcinoma 
and have predictive value.

Copyright © 2022 Youyi Wu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/4449696
PMCID: PMC9352503
PMID: 35936360 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


311. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cardiovasc Toxicol. 2022 Nov;22(10-11):879-891. doi: 10.1007/s12012-022-09766-2. 
Epub 2022 Aug 5.

Alpha-Lipoic Acid Protects Against Doxorubicin-Induced Cardiotoxicity by 
Regulating Pyruvate Dehydrogenase Kinase 4.

Gong F(#)(1), Jin J(#)(1), Li H(2), Mao H(3).

Author information:
(1)Emergency and Critical Care Center, Intensive Care Unit, Zhejiang Provincial 
People's Hospital (Affiliated People's Hospital, Hangzhou Medical College), 
Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China.
(2)Emergency and Critical Care Center, Department of Emergency Medicine, 
Zhejiang Provincial People's Hospital (Affiliated People's Hospital, Hangzhou 
Medical College), Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China.
(3)Center for Rehabilitation Medicine, Department of Anesthesiology, Zhejiang 
Provincial People's Hospital (Affiliated People's Hospital, Hangzhou Medical 
College), No. 158 Shangtang Road, Gongshu District, Hangzhou, 310014, Zhejiang, 
China. mhsrm123@163.com.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Cardiovasc Toxicol. 2023 Jun;23(5-6):230. doi: 10.1007/s12012-023-09791-9.

As a widely used anti-tumor anthracycline, the accumulation of Doxorubicin (DOX) 
in body causes irreparable cardiomyocyte damage and therefore is limited in 
clinical application. Strategies to prevent from DOX-associated cardiotoxicity 
are urgent for patients who undergo DOX-based chemotherapy. Since oxidative 
stress injury being the major reason for myocardial toxicity of DOX, here we 
demonstrated that, Alpha-lipoic acid (ALA), which is a reductive agent, plays a 
cardioprotective role in attenuating DOX-induced cardiotoxicity by inhibiting 
pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase 4 (PDK4) expression. In vivo, the beneficial 
effect of ALA was evidenced by increased survival rate, mechanical contraction, 
and oxidative phosphorylation, while decreased reactive oxidative species (ROS) 
and apoptosis. In vitro, PDK4 overexpression remarkably increased DOX-induced 
apoptosis and ROS production in H9C2 cells. Notably, the protective effect of 
ALA was abrogated by PDK4 overexpression. We further used PDK4 knockout mice to 
identify the role of PDK4 in DOX-induced cardiotoxicity. Results elicited that 
PDK4 deficiency showed a consistent effect in protecting DOX cardiotoxicity as 
ALA treatment, which was evidenced by restored redox homeostasis and 
mitochondrial metabolism, finally inhibited myocardial injury. In conclusion, 
the cardioprotective role of ALA against DOX cardiotoxicity was dependent on 
PDK4-mediated regulation of oxidative stress and mitochondria metabolism.

© 2022. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business 
Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.

DOI: 10.1007/s12012-022-09766-2
PMID: 35930219 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


312. Biomater Adv. 2022 May;136:212784. doi: 10.1016/j.bioadv.2022.212784. Epub 2022 
Mar 31.

Light-triggered on-site rapid formation of antibacterial hydrogel dressings for 
accelerated healing of infected wounds.

Li J(1), Shen J(1), Zhuang B(2), Wei M(1), Liu Y(1), Liu D(1), Yan W(1), Jia 
X(1), Jin Y(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Beijing Institute of Radiation 
Medicine, Beijing 100850, China.
(2)Department of Chemical Defense, Institute of NBC Defense, Beijing 102205, 
China.
(3)Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Beijing Institute of Radiation 
Medicine, Beijing 100850, China. Electronic address: jinyg@sina.com.

An optimal wound dressing can seal variously shaped wounds and provide a 
complete barrier to resist bacterial invasion; more importantly, the dressing 
can be stretched or compressed when the wounds are subjected to external forces 
and quickly return to its original state after the forces are withdrawn. Here, 
we designed dressings with light-triggered on-site rapid formation of 
antibacterial hydrogel for the accelerated healing of infected wounds. The 
pro-hydrogel, composed of acrylamide (AM) and dopamine-hyaluronic 
acid-ε-poly-l-lysine (DA-HA-EPL), was filled into the Vibrio vulnificus-infected 
wound. A 405-nm blue light was exerted on the wound to rapidly photopolymerize 
AM to its polymer, i.e., polyacrylamide (PAM). A hydrogel network of 
PAM/DA-HA-EPL immediately formed on site within several seconds to insulate the 
wound. PAM/DA-HA-EPL possessed adhesion performance to adapt to changes in wound 
morphologies due to external forces. Moreover, it presented high antibacterial 
ability due to the presence of EPL, in vitro biocompatibility and the ability to 
promote cell migration. Vibrio vulnificus-infected wounds were established on 
full-thickness mouse skin, and the hydrogel dressing exhibited high healing 
efficiency in terms of skin tissue regeneration, collagen deposition, and 
angiogenesis. PAM/DA-HA-EPL is a promising hydrogel dressing for the accelerated 
healing of infected wounds.

Copyright © 2022 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.bioadv.2022.212784
PMID: 35929299 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


313. Onco Targets Ther. 2022 Jul 28;15:827-828. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S383774. eCollection 
2022.

Role of Nrf2 Signaling Pathway in the Radiation Tolerance of Patients with Head 
and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma: An in vivo and in vitro Study [Retraction].

[No authors listed]

Retraction of
    Onco Targets Ther. 2017 Mar 23;10:1809-1819. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S122803.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S122803.].

© 2022 Dove Medical Press.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S383774
PMCID: PMC9342883
PMID: 35923472


314. Sci Rep. 2022 Aug 2;12(1):13216. doi: 10.1038/s41598-022-17483-7.

Retraction Note: Selective Priming of Tumor Blood Vessels by Radiation Therapy 
Enhances Nanodrug Delivery.

Kunjachan S(1), Kotb S(2)(3), Pola R(4), Pechar M(4), Kumar R(2)(5), Singh B(5), 
Gremse F(6), Taleeli R(7), Trichard F(3), Motto-Ros V(3), Sancey L(8), Detappe 
A(2), Yasmin-Karim S(2), Protti A(9), Shanmugam I(5), Ireland T(10), Etrych 
T(4), Sridhar S(2)(5), Tillement O(3), Makrigiorgos M(2), Berbeco RI(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Dana-Farber 
Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, United States. 
sijumon@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Dana-Farber 
Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, United States.
(3)Institut Lumière Matière, UMR 5306, Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, CNRS, 
Villeurbanne, France.
(4)Institute of Macromolecular Chemistry, Academy of Sciences of the Czech 
Republic, Heyrovsky Square 2, 16206, Prague 6, Czech Republic.
(5)Department of Physics, Nanomedicine Science and Technology Center, 
Northeastern University, Boston, MA, United States.
(6)Experimental Molecular Imaging, University Hospital and Helmholtz Institute 
for Biomedical Engineering, RWTH Aachen University, Aachen, Germany.
(7)Division of Medical Physics & Engineering, University of Texas Southwestern 
Medical Center, Texas, United States.
(8)Institute for Advanced Biosciences, UMR 5309 Joint Research Center, 
UGA/INSERM U1209, CNRS, Grenoble, France.
(9)Lurie Family Imaging Center, Department of Radiology, Dana-Farber Cancer 
Institute and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, United States.
(10)Department of Earth and Environmental Sciences, LA-ICP-MS and ICP-ES 
Laboratories, Boston University, Boston, MA, United States.

Retraction of
    Sci Rep. 2019 Nov 1;9(1):15844. doi: 10.1038/s41598-019-50538-w.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-022-17483-7
PMCID: PMC9345865
PMID: 35918484


315. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2022 Jul 23;2022:7833516. doi: 10.1155/2022/7833516. eCollection 
2022.

Deep Learning-Based Networks for Detecting Anomalies in Chest X-Rays.

Badr M(1)(2)(3), Al-Otaibi S(4), Alturki N(4), Abir T(5).

Author information:
(1)The University of Mashreq, Research Center, Baghdad, Iraq.
(2)Department of Medical Instruments Engineering Techniques, Al-Farahidi 
University, Baghdad 10021, Iraq.
(3)Research Center, The University of Mashreq, Baghdad, Iraq.
(4)Department of Information Systems, College of Computer and Information 
Sciences, Princess Nourah bint Abdulrahman University, P. O. Box 84428, Riyadh 
11671, Saudi Arabia.
(5)Department of Business Administration, Faculty of Business and 
Entrepreneurship, Daffodil International University, Dhaka, Bangladesh.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9801414. doi: 10.1155/2023/9801414.

X-ray images aid medical professionals in the diagnosis and detection of 
pathologies. They are critical, for example, in the diagnosis of pneumonia, the 
detection of masses, and, more recently, the detection of COVID-19-related 
conditions. The chest X-ray is one of the first imaging tests performed when 
pathology is suspected because it is one of the most accessible radiological 
examinations. Deep learning-based neural networks, particularly convolutional 
neural networks, have exploded in popularity in recent years and have become 
indispensable tools for image classification. Transfer learning approaches, in 
particular, have enabled the use of previously trained networks' knowledge, 
eliminating the need for large data sets and lowering the high computational 
costs associated with this type of network. This research focuses on using deep 
learning-based neural networks to detect anomalies in chest X-rays. Different 
convolutional network-based approaches are investigated using the ChestX-ray14 
database, which contains over 100,000 X-ray images with labels relating to 14 
different pathologies, and different classification objectives are evaluated. 
Starting with the pretrained networks VGG19, ResNet50, and Inceptionv3, networks 
based on transfer learning are implemented, with different schemes for the 
classification stage and data augmentation. Similarly, an ad hoc architecture is 
proposed and evaluated without transfer learning for the classification 
objective with more examples. The results show that transfer learning produces 
acceptable results in most of the tested cases, indicating that it is a viable 
first step for using deep networks when there are not enough labeled images, 
which is a common problem when working with medical images. The ad hoc network, 
on the other hand, demonstrated good generalization with data augmentation and 
an acceptable accuracy value. The findings suggest that using convolutional 
neural networks with and without transfer learning to design classifiers for 
detecting pathologies in chest X-rays is a good idea.

Copyright © 2022 Malek Badr et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/7833516
PMCID: PMC9338857
PMID: 35915789 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: There is no potential conflict of interest in 
our paper, and all authors have seen the manuscript and approved to submit to 
your journal.


316. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jul 20;2022:3436631. doi: 10.1155/2022/3436631. 
eCollection 2022.

Prediction of Cancer-Specific Survival of Brainstem Glioma in Children Based on 
Risk Stratification Model.

Sun K(1)(2), Xu M(1), Fei X(3), Wang H(1), Xu L(1), Xu R(2), Xu M(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Daping Hospital, Army Medical University, 
Chongqing 400042, China.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Sichuan Academy of Medical Sciences and Sichuan 
Provincial People's Hospital, School of Medicine, University of Electronic 
Science and Technology of China, Chengdu, Sichuan 610072, China.
(3)Department of Neurosurgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of The Fourth 
Military Medical University, Xi'an, Shaanxi, 710032, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9868734. doi: 10.1155/2023/9868734.

OBJECTIVE: To develop and authenticate a risk stratification framework and 
nomogram for ascertaining cancer-specific survival (CSS) among the pediatric 
brainstem gliomas.
METHODS: For patients less than 12 years, according to Surveillance, 
Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER), information from 1998 to 2016 is found in 
their databases. The survival outcomes, treatments, and demographic 
clinicopathologic conditions are scrutinized per the database validation, and 
training cohorts are divided and validated using multivariate Cox regression 
analysis. A nomogram was designed, and predominantly, the risk stratification 
conceptualization engaged selected tenets according to the multivariate 
analysis. The model's authenticity was substantiated through C-index measure and 
calibration curves.
RESULTS: There are 806 pediatric concerns of histologically concluded brainstem 
glioma in the research. According to multivariate analysis, age, grade, 
radiotherapy, and race (with P value < 0.05) depicted independent prognostic 
variations of the pediatric gliomas. The nomogram's C-index was approximately 
0.75 and an accompanied predictive capability for CSS.
CONCLUSION: The nomogram constructed in this glioma's context is the primary 
predictor of using risk stratification. A combination of nomograms with the risk 
stratification mechanism assists clinicians in monitoring high-risk individuals 
and engage targeted accessory treatment.

Copyright © 2022 Kai Sun et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/3436631
PMCID: PMC9328996
PMID: 35912147 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


317. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Apr 15;2022:6216072. doi: 10.1155/2022/6216072. eCollection 
2022.

Analysis of Clinicopathological Factors Associated with Radiation-Induced 
Cystitis in Patients with Cervical Cancer.

He L(1)(2), Wang Z(3), Chen J(4), Chen L(1), Chen P(2), Cai W(1).

Author information:
(1)Shenzhen Hospital of Southern Medical University, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518101, 
China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Nanfang Hospital of Southern Medical 
University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510515, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology the First Affiliated Hospital, The Sun 
Yat-sen University, Guangzhou 510080, China.
(4)Department of Rheumatology, Nanfang Hospital of Southern Medical University, 
Guangzhou, Guangdong 510515, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Jul 26;2023:9816261. doi: 10.1155/2023/9816261.

OBJECTIVE: To analyze the clinicopathological characteristics associated with 
radiation-induced cystitis (RIC) in patients with cervical cancer treated with 
chemoradiotherapy (CRT) alone or postoperational (post-op) CRT.
METHODS: 107 patients with cervical cancer were retrospectively recruited into 
the study. The surgical status, FIGO staging, total and fractionated doses of 
radiotherapy (RT), and multiparameters including the dose, volume irradiated to 
the total bladder, and bladder wall were evaluated for RIC. The criteria on RIC 
were referred to CTCAE v5.0.
RESULTS: Surgical operation and post-op CRT were delivered in 65 patients and 
CRT or RT alone in 42 patients. Among those with post-op CRT, 33/34 (97.06%), 
22/43 (51.16%), and 10/30 (33.33%) patients were classified as FIGO stage I, II, 
and III/IV, respectively. The incidence of RIC was 30.84% for the whole group 
with 87.87% occurred in stage I and II patients. The incidence of CTCAE grade 2 
and beyond was significantly higher in patients treated with post-op CRT than 
those with CRT alone (13.85% vs 2.38%, p = 0.043). Further analyses showed that 
the CTCAE level of RIC in the post-op CRT group was related to the relatively 
smaller average bladder volume (p = 0.029), whereas the difference in volume of 
bladder and bladder wall irradiated to 35.0 Gy or 40.0 Gy was not statistically 
significant between patients with or without RIC. Conclusion. The combination of 
surgery and post-op CRT may increase the incidence and severity of 
radiation-induced cystitis when compared to CRT alone, suggesting that bladder 
dysfunction associated with surgical procedure might increase the frequency and 
severity radiation related bladder toxicity. Further study is merited.

Copyright © 2022 Ling He et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/6216072
PMCID: PMC9325654
PMID: 35911584 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


318. Eur Heart J Case Rep. 2022 Jul 1;6(7):ytac276. doi: 10.1093/ehjcr/ytac276. 
eCollection 2022 Jul.

Futuristic robotic percutaneous coronary intervention with innovative physiology 
optimization: a case report.

Vijayachandra Y(1), Mani S(1).

Author information:
(1)Apollo Hospitals, 21, Greams Lane, Off Greams Road, Thousand Lights, Chennai, 
Tamil Nadu 600006, India.

BACKGROUND: Robotic percutaneous coronary intervention (R-PCI) is being 
preferred over traditional PCI procedures owing to reduced radiation exposure to 
the personnel performing this technique. However, there are some challenges in 
using pressure wires in R-PCI.
CASE SUMMARY: This is the first article reporting the usage of pressure wire 
navigation in R-PCI. We have discussed a case of severe mid-right coronary 
artery disease, managed with physiology-assisted R-PCI. Software features of 
R-PCI such as Rotate-On-Retract were effectively used to negotiate Pressure 
Wire™ X across the tortuous artery. Stenting was successfully carried out with 
Pressure Wire™ X/R-PCI without any adverse events during or after the procedure.
DISCUSSION: Pressure Wire™ X was used with certain modifications to negotiate 
tortuous arteries. The R-PCI procedure was carried out successfully without any 
adverse events during or after the procedure.

© The Author(s) 2022. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the 
European Society of Cardiology.

DOI: 10.1093/ehjcr/ytac276
PMCID: PMC9334787
PMID: 35911494


319. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Jul 21;2022:6247824. doi: 
10.1155/2022/6247824. eCollection 2022.

COQ10B Knockdown Modulates Cell Proliferation, Invasion, Migration, and 
Apoptosis in Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma.

Wei Y(1), Liu J(1), Gao Y(1), Ma X(1), Cao L(1), Maimaitiming N(1), Qu C(1), 
Zhang L(1).

Author information:
(1)Department 4 of Comprehensive Internal Medicine of Healthy Care Center for 
Cadres, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University, Urumqi, 
Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9878279. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9878279.

OBJECTIVE: Esophageal squamous-cell carcinoma (ESCC) is an aggressive malignant 
tumor, accounting for more than 90% of esophageal cancers. However, treatments 
such as surgical resection, radiotherapy, and chemotherapy are unable to achieve 
ideal clinical outcomes. The purpose of this study was to explore the effects of 
COQ10B on proliferation, apoptosis, migration, and invasion of esophageal 
squamous-cell carcinoma (ESCC) cells.
METHODS: Quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) was used to detect the expression 
of COQ10B in ESCC and normal tissues and in ESCC cell lines (KYSE-15 and TE-1). 
MTT assay and flow cytometry were applied to investigate the effects of COQ10B 
shRNA lentivirus (LV-shCOQ10B) on ESCC cell proliferation and apoptosis, 
respectively. The effect of COQ10B silencing on ESCC cell migration and invasion 
was determined by wound healing assay and transwell invasion assay, 
respectively.
RESULTS: The expression of COQ10B mRNA in ESCC tissues was higher than that in 
surrounding tissues. The decreased COQ10B level in KYSE-15 and TE-1 cells by 
LV-shCOQ10B could inhibit cell proliferation, promote cell apoptosis, and reduce 
the ability of invasion and migration (all P < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: COQ10B was highly expressed in human ESCC tissues. COQ10B silencing 
contributed to the inhibition of proliferation, invasion, and migration of ESCC 
cells and the promotion of cell apoptosis, suggesting COQ10B may be a potential 
molecular target for the diagnosis and treatment of ESCC.

Copyright © 2022 Yu Wei et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/6247824
PMCID: PMC9334081
PMID: 35911165

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


320. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Jul 14;2022:2256690. doi: 10.1155/2022/2256690. 
eCollection 2022.

The Clinical Efficacy and Economic Benefits of Recombinant Human Thrombopoietin 
for the Treatment of Chemotherapy or Chemoradiotherapy-Induced Thrombocytopenia.

Wang W(#)(1)(2), Gu X(#)(1)(2), Shao L(1)(2), Shi Z(1)(2), Lou G(1)(2), Song 
Z(1)(2), Zhang Y(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Oncology, The Cancer Hospital of the University of 
Chinese Academy of Sciences (Zhejiang Cancer Hospital), Hangzhou 310000, China.
(2)Institute of Basic Medicine and Cancer (IBMC), Chinese Academy of Sciences, 
Hangzhou 310000, China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9783232. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9783232.

Even though cytopenia caused by either chemotherapy or radiotherapy is a common 
complication in cancer patients, chemoradiotherapy remains an essential 
treatment for the majority of patients. The purpose of this study was to look 
into the clinical efficacy and cost-effectiveness of recombinant human 
thrombopoietin (rhTPO) in treating chemo- or chemoradiotherapy-induced grade II, 
III, and IV thrombocytopenia. From December 2019 to November 2020, 233 lung 
cancer patients admitted to our hospital with chemotherapy- or 
chemoradiotherapy-induced thrombocytopenia were enrolled and treated with rhTPO. 
The study's findings revealed a significant disparity in the use of concurrent 
chemoradiotherapy in patients with grade II, III, and IV thrombocytopenia. All 
costs, including rhTPO treatment costs, platelet costs, drug costs, and nondrug 
costs, tended to rise as the severity of thrombocytopenia increased. In the 
treatment of chemotherapy or radiotherapy-induced thrombocytopenia, rhTPO has 
shown good clinical efficacy. In the treatment of grade II thrombocytopenia, 
rhTPO has a favorable economic evaluation. As a result, early intervention and 
thrombocytopenia treatment should be provided, which warrants further clinical 
investigation.

Copyright © 2022 Wenxian Wang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2256690
PMCID: PMC9303501
PMID: 35909587 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


321. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jul 19;2022:7781686. doi: 10.1155/2022/7781686. 
eCollection 2022.

Changes of Tumor Markers in Patients with Lung Cancer after Immunotherapy and 
Their Link with Inflammation in the Body.

Liu L(1), Cai Y(2), Tao X(1), Huang J(1), Han M(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Maanshan People's Hospital, Maanshan City, 
Anhui Province 243000, China.
(2)Department of Oncology, Maanshan Shiqiye Hospital, Maanshan City, Anhui 
Province 243000, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jul 12;2023:9780189. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9780189.

PURPOSE: To figure out tumor markers changes in lung cancer (LC) patients after 
immunotherapy and their link with inflammation in the body.
METHODS: From May 2017 to January 2021, taking 97 LC patients with elevated 
Programmed Cell Death Protein 1 and Programmed Cell Death Protein-ligand 1 was 
as the research objects. They were all given immunotherapy and assigned into the 
remission and the nonremission groups on the grounds of the tumor remission 
after 6 months of treatment, after comparison of tumor markers [carcinoembryonic 
antigen (CEA), squamous cell carcinoma-associated antigen (SCC-Ag), cytokeratin 
19 fragment (CYFRA12-1), and neuron-specific enolase (NSE)] and inflammation 
indicators [interleukin-10 (IL-10), interleukin (IL-6), and tumor necrosis 
factor-α (TNF-α)] in the two.
RESULTS: Tumor markers, IL-10, IL-6, and TNF-α in the remission after treatment 
were reduced vs. the nonremission (P < 0.05); SCC-Ag was positively linked with 
IL-10, IL-6, and TNF-α in the patients after treatment (P < 0.05); the AUC of 
the combined detection to assess the efficacy of LC immunotherapy was greater 
vs. the individual detection of indicators (P < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: Tumor markers and the inflammation state of the body in LC patients 
are memorably reduced after immunotherapy, and a correlation is presented 
between the two, which manifests evaluating value of the efficacy of 
immunotherapy.

Copyright © 2022 LiWei Liu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/7781686
PMCID: PMC9325577
PMID: 35903437 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declared that they have no conflicts 
of interest regarding this work.


322. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jul 19;2022:5417753. doi: 10.1155/2022/5417753. 
eCollection 2022.

A Cohort Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Value of CT Perfusion Imaging in 
Patients with Metastatic Osteosarcoma after Chemotherapy.

Zhang CQ(1), Yang S(2), Zhang LJ(1), Ma JN(1), Chen Q(1).

Author information:
(1)CT Diagnosis Department, Cangzhou Central Hospital, Cangzhou City, Hebei 
Province 061001, China.
(2)Department of Critical Medicine, Cangzhou Central Hospital, Cangzhou City, 
Hebei Province 061001, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9805234. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9805234.

OBJECTIVE: A case-control study was conducted to explore the efficacy of cohort 
study and value of CT perfusion imaging in patients with metastatic osteosarcoma 
after chemotherapy.
METHODS: Eighty patients with metastatic osteosarcoma treated in our hospital 
from March 2020 to December 2021 were divided into two groups. According to 
their different treatment methods, the chemotherapy+antiangiogenesis group had 
36 cases and the chemotherapy group had 44 cases. All patients were scanned by 
64-slice spiral CT before and after treatment. The differences of tumor volume 
and perfusion parameters before and after treatment were compared, and the 
correlation between perfusion parameters and tumor microvessel density (MVD) was 
analyzed. The receiver working curve (ROC curve) was used to evaluate the 
efficacy of the two groups after chemotherapy.
RESULTS: Blood flow (BF), blood volume (BV), Pallak blood volume (PBV), and time 
to start (TTS) in the antitumor angiogenesis+chemotherapy group were 
significantly lower than those before treatment (P < 0.05). Microvessel density 
was positively correlated with PS, BF, BV, and PBV (P < 0.05). The reduction 
rate of BV and BF in the remission group after treatment was significantly 
higher than that in the nonremission group. When the BV and BF decline rates 
were 47.37% and 21.53% and the areas under the curve were 0.968 and 0.916, 
respectively, the diagnostic effect was the best. When the decrease rate of BV 
was 47.48% and the decrease rate of BF was 21.55%, the sensitivity was 94.72% 
and 89.56% and the specificity was 91.31% and 91.31%.
CONCLUSION: The reduction rate of BV and BF in CT perfusion imaging is of high 
value in evaluating the efficacy of radiotherapy and chemotherapy in patients 
with NSCLC and can provide more objective basis for observing the changes and 
judging the prognosis of osteosarcoma after treatment.

Copyright © 2022 Chun qian Zhang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5417753
PMCID: PMC9325339
PMID: 35903433 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


323. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jul 19;2022:2531419. doi: 10.1155/2022/2531419. 
eCollection 2022.

X-Ray Cephalometric Analysis of the Effects of Angle Class II and III 
Malocclusion on the Upper Airway Width and Hyoid Position between Parents and 
Children of Uygur Nationality.

Cheng L(1), Jiang Y(1), Man S(1), Wang Y(1), Yang Y(2), Zhou M(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Stomatology, The Third Hospital of Hebei Medical University, 
Shijiazhuang City, Hebei Province 050000, China.
(2)Department of Stomatology, People's Hospital of Bayinguleng Mongolian 
Autonomous Prefecture, Kuerla, Xinjiang 841000, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9862174. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9862174.

OBJECTIVE: The objective of this paper is to analyze the effect of angle class 
II and III malocclusion on the sagittal diameter of the upper airway between 
parents and children of Uygur nationality and to compare the degree of 
influence.
METHODS: 29 Uygur adolescents with malocclusion and their fathers (mothers) were 
selected as our subjects via X-ray cephalometric radiograph to analyze the 
difference between the upper airway sagittal dimension and normal occlusion and 
compare the influence of malocclusion on the upper airway between parents and 
children.
RESULTS: Compared with normal group, the vertical distance from the hyoid point 
to orbital-ear plane (H-FH) and vertical distance from hyoid point to the 
mandibular plane (H-MP) in angle class II malocclusion elevated signally, while 
the vertical distance from hyoid point to anterior cervical plane (H-VL), 
PNS-UPW, H-FH, and H-MP decreased significantly; compared with normal group: the 
distance between the posterior nasal spine and the upper pharynx wall (PNS-UPW), 
H-FH, and H-MP in angle class III malocclusion visually reduced, while PAS, and 
horizontal distance from the hyoid point and center point of sella turcica to 
orbital-ear foot (H-S), increased markedly. The impact of class II malocclusion 
on parents' U-MPM was greater than their children.
CONCLUSION: The oropharyngeal space of upper airway becomes smaller and hyoid 
shifts downwards due to class II malocclusion. Class III malocclusion results in 
decreased nasopharyngeal gap with hyoid to shift upward. The influence of class 
II malocclusion on the upper pharyngeal tract of parents was greater than their 
children.

Copyright © 2022 Lijun Cheng et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2531419
PMCID: PMC9325337
PMID: 35903431 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


324. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Rep. 2022 Jul 28;12(1):12893. doi: 10.1038/s41598-022-16666-6.

Optical and structural properties of Sn and Ag-doped PbS/PVA nanocomposites 
synthesized by chemical bath deposition.

Fatemi A(#)(1), Tohidi T(2), Jamshidi-Galeh K(3), Rasouli M(#)(4)(5), Ostrikov 
K(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Physics, Azarbaijan Shahid Madani University, Tabriz, Iran. 
ali.fatemi@azaruniv.ac.ir.
(2)Northwest Research Complex (Bonab), Radiation Applications Research School, 
Nuclear Science and Technology Research Institute (NSTRI), Tehran, Iran. 
ttohidi@aeoi.org.ir.
(3)Department of Physics, Azarbaijan Shahid Madani University, Tabriz, Iran.
(4)Department of Physics, Kharazmi University, Tehran, Iran. 
miladrasouli@outlook.com.
(5)Department of Physics, Science and Research Branch, Islamic Azad University, 
Tehran, Iran. miladrasouli@outlook.com.
(6)School of Chemistry and Physics and QUT Centre for Materials Science, 
Queensland University of Technology (QUT), Brisbane, Australia.
(#)Contributed equally

Erratum in
    Sci Rep. 2023 Jun 19;13(1):9873. doi: 10.1038/s41598-023-36765-2.

Retraction in
    Sci Rep. 2024 Feb 14;14(1):3708. doi: 10.1038/s41598-024-54118-5.

In this work, Sn and Ag doped PbS/PVA nanocomposites, in three different 
concentrations were successfully prepared using the low-cost and simple method 
of chemical bath deposition (CBD). X-ray diffraction patterns confirmed the 
formation of the PbS cubic phase in all of the nanocomposites. FE-SEM images 
showed that PbS NPs are cubic in shape and the doping can alter the shape of 
grains. DLS analysis applied for solution NPs exhibited a 175 nm size 
distribution for PbS NPs and decreased by doping Ag and Sn to almost 100 nm and 
110 nm, respectively. Optical absorption spectra showed the blue phenomena and 
the band gaps of Sn: PbS/PVA and Ag: PbS/PVA nanocomposites increased with 
adding Sn and Ag from 3.08 eV for pure PVA/PbS to 3.33 eV for Sn doped and 
3.43 eV for Ag-doped samples. The nonlinear refractive index is decreased from 
0.55 m2 W-1 for pure PVA/PbS to 0.11 m2 W-1 and 0.13 m2 W-1 for Sn and Ag-doped 
samples, respectively. Hence, doping Ag and Sn enhanced the optical sensitivity 
issue of nanocomposites and raised the optical resistivity. Collectively, our 
results can be useful in the design of linear and nonlinear optical devices such 
as sensors and optical switches and limiters.

© 2022. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-022-16666-6
PMCID: PMC9334611
PMID: 35902699

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


325. Updates Surg. 2022 Oct;74(5):1795. doi: 10.1007/s13304-022-01342-1.

Retraction Note: Breast conserving surgery versus salvage mastectomy for 
ipsilateral breast cancer recurrence: a propensity score matching analysis.

Gentile D(1)(2), Sagona A(3), Barbieri E(3), Antunovic L(4), Franceschini D(5), 
Losurdo A(6), Fernandes B(7), Tinterri C(3)(8).

Author information:
(1)Breast Unit, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Via Manzoni 56, Rozzano, 
20089, Milan, Italy. damiano.gentile@humanitas.it.
(2)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Via Rita Levi 
Montalcini 4, Pieve Emanuele, 20090, Milan, Italy. damiano.gentile@humanitas.it.
(3)Breast Unit, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Via Manzoni 56, Rozzano, 
20089, Milan, Italy.
(4)Department of Nuclear Medicine, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Via 
Manzoni 56, Rozzano, 20089, Milan, Italy.
(5)Radiotherapy and Radiosurgery Department, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, 
Via Manzoni 56, Rozzano, 20089, Milan, Italy.
(6)Medical Oncology and Hematology Unit, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Via 
Manzoni 56, Rozzano, 20089, Milan, Italy.
(7)Department of Pathology, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Via Manzoni 56, 
Rozzano, 20089, Milan, Italy.
(8)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Via Rita Levi 
Montalcini 4, Pieve Emanuele, 20090, Milan, Italy.

Retraction of
    Updates Surg. 2022 Apr;74(2):479-489. doi: 10.1007/s13304-021-01122-3.

DOI: 10.1007/s13304-022-01342-1
PMID: 35900659


326. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2022 Jul 18;2022:9679181. doi: 10.1155/2022/9679181. eCollection 
2022.

Principal Component and Path Analysis for Trait Selection Based on the 
Assessment of Diverse Lentil Populations Developed by Gamma-Irradiated Physical 
Mutation.

Debnath S(1), Sarkar A(1), Perveen K(2), Bukhari NA(2), Kesari KK(3), Verma 
A(4), Chakraborty NR(1), Tesema M(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Genetics and Plant Breeding, Institute of Agriculture, 
Visva-Bharati University, Sriniketan, PIN-731236 West Bengal, India.
(2)Department of Botany & Microbiology, College of Science, King Saud 
University, Riyadh 11495, Saudi Arabia.
(3)Department of Bioproducts and Biosystems, Aalto University, Espoo, P.O. Box 
11000, Otakaari 1B, Finland.
(4)University Centre for Research & Development & Department of Computer Science 
& Engineering, Chandigarh University, Gharuan, Mohali, Punjab, India.
(5)Department of Chemistry (Analytical), College of Natural and Computational 
Sciences, DambiDollo University, Dambi Dollo, Oromia Region, Ethiopia.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2024 Jan 9;2024:9835247. doi: 10.1155/2024/9835247.

Lentil is a notable legume crop valued for its high protein, vitamin, mineral, 
and amino acid (lysine and tryptophan) content. This crop has a narrow genetic 
base due to the formation of gene pool barriers during interspecific 
hybridization within and across species. Mutagenesis may be seen as a novel and 
alternative breeding technique for the production of new diversity. For the 
identification of new alleles, the creation of mutants followed by selection in 
subsequent generations would be necessary. Induction of mutation in lentil cv. 
Moitree by gamma rays therefore produced high variation for the majority of 
quantitative measures examined. Henceforth, principal component analysis (PCA) 
and path coefficient analysis were conducted to identify and exclude redundant 
mutant genotypes with similar traits as the success of breeding is dependent on 
understanding the relationship between morpho-agronomic traits and seed yield. 
As shown by the findings of this research, the total quantity of pods per mutant 
plant should be given considerable priority. The identified mutant genotypes, 
such as lines 24, 43, 28, 33, and 10, may be used as parents in future breeding 
or released directly following trials.

Copyright © 2022 Sandip Debnath et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9679181
PMCID: PMC9314173
PMID: 35898676 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interest.


327. Cancers (Basel). 2022 Jul 26;14(15):3636. doi: 10.3390/cancers14153636.

Early Outcome, Cosmetic Result and Tolerability of an IOERT-Boost Prior to 
Adjuvant Whole-Breast Irradiation.

Jazmati D(1), Bölke E(1), Halfmann K(1), Tamaskovics B(1), Ruckhäberle E(2), 
Fehm T(2), Hoffmann J(2), Krug D(3), Nestle Krämling C(4), Corradini S(5), 
Budach W(1), Mohrmann S(2), Haussmann J(1), Matuschek C(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Heinrich Heine University, 40225 
Duesseldorf, Germany.
(2)Department of Gynecology & Obstetrics, Heinrich-Heine University Dusseldorf, 
40225 Duesseldorf, Germany.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, University Medical Center 
Schleswig-Holstein, 24105 Kiel, Germany.
(4)Department of Gynecology, Obstetrics and Senology, EVK, 40225 Duesseldorf, 
Germany.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, University Hospital, LMU Munich, 80539 
Munich, Germany.

Background/Aims: Due to its favorable dose distribution and targeting of the 
region at highest risk of recurrence due to direct visualization of tumor bed, 
intraoperative electron radiation therapy (IOERT) is used as part of a 
breast-conserving treatment approach. The aim of this study was to analyze tumor 
control and survival, as well as the toxicity profile, and cosmetic outcomes in 
patients irradiated with an IOERT boost for breast cancer. Materials and 
Methods: 139 Patients treated at our institution between January 2010 and 
January 2015 with a single boost dose of 10 Gy to the tumor bed during 
breast-conserving surgery followed by whole-breast irradiation were 
retrospectively analyzed. Results: 139 patients were included in this analysis. 
The median age was 54 years (range 28−83 years). The preferred surgical strategy 
was segmental resection with sentinel lymphonodectomy (66.5%) or axillary 
dissection (23.1%). Regarding adjuvant radiotherapy, the vast majority received 
5 × 1.8 Gy to 50.4 Gy. At a median follow-up of 33.6 months, recurrence-free and 
overall survival were 95.5% and 94.9%, respectively. No patient developed an 
in-field recurrence. Seven patients (5.0%) died during the follow-up period, 
including two patients due to disease recurrence (non-in-field). High-grade 
(CTCAE > 2) perioperative adverse events attributable to IOERT included wound 
healing disorder (N = 1) and hematoma (N = 1). High-grade late adverse events 
(LENT-SOMA grade III) were reported only in one patient with fat necrosis. 
Low-grade late adverse events (LENT-SOMA grade I-II) included pain (18.0%), 
edema (10.5%), fibrosis (21%), telangiectasia (4.5%) and pigmentation change 
(23.0%). The mean breast retraction assessment score was 1.66 (0−6). Both 
patients and specialists rated the cosmetic result “excellent/good” in 84.8% and 
87.9%, respectively. Conclusion: Our study reports favorable data on the 
cosmetic outcome as well as the acute and early long-term tolerability for 
patients treated with an IOERT boost. Our oncologic control rates are comparable 
to the previous literature. However, prospective investigations on the role of 
IOERT in comparison to other boost procedures would be desirable.

DOI: 10.3390/cancers14153636
PMCID: PMC9332060
PMID: 35892894

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


328. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jul 16;2022:2279044. doi: 10.1155/2022/2279044. 
eCollection 2022.

Lung Cancer Stage Prediction Using Multi-Omics Data.

Li W(1), Liu B(1), Wang W(1), Sun C(1), Che J(1), Yuan X(2)(3), Zhai C(1).

Author information:
(1)Second Ward, Department of Thoracic Surgery, Weifang People's Hospital, 
Weifang 261041, China.
(2)Qingdao Geneis Institute of Big Data Mining and Precision Medicine, Qingdao 
266000, China.
(3)Geneis (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Beijing 100102, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9836239. doi: 10.1155/2023/9836239.

Lung cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer death. Patients with 
early-stage lung cancer can be treated by surgery, while patients in the middle 
and late stages need chemotherapy or radiotherapy. Therefore, accurate staging 
of lung cancer is crucial for doctors to formulate accurate treatment plans for 
patients. In this paper, the random forest algorithm is used as the lung cancer 
stage prediction model, and the accuracy of lung cancer stage prediction is 
discussed in the microbiome, transcriptome, microbe, and transcriptome fusion 
groups, and the accuracy of the model is measured by indicators such as ACC, 
recall, and precision. The results showed that the prediction accuracy of 
microbial combinatorial transcriptome fusion analysis was the highest, reaching 
0.809. The study reveals the role of multimodal data and fusion algorithm in 
accurately diagnosing lung cancer stage, which could aid doctors in clinics.

Copyright © 2022 Wei Li et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2279044
PMCID: PMC9308511
PMID: 35880092 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


329. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Bioinorg Chem Appl. 2022 Jun 30;2022:9459886. doi: 10.1155/2022/9459886. 
eCollection 2022.

Effect of Cu Doping on ZnO Nanoparticles as a Photocatalyst for the Removal of 
Organic Wastewater.

Khalid A(1), Ahmad P(2), Khan A(3), Muhammad S(1), Khandaker MU(4), Alam MM(5), 
Asim M(6), Din IU(7), Chaudhary RG(8), Kumar D(9), Sharma R(10), Faruque 
MRI(11), Emran TB(12)(13).

Author information:
(1)Department of Physics, Hazara University Mansehra, Mansehra 21300, Khyber 
Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.
(2)Department of Physics, University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Muzaffarabad 
13100, Pakistan.
(3)Department of Biotechnology, University of Azad Jammu and Kashmir, 
Muzaffarabad, Pakistan.
(4)Center for Applied Physics and Radiation Technologies, School of Engineering 
and Technology, Sunway University, Bandar Sunway 47500, Selangor, Malaysia.
(5)Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, 
King Abdulaziz University, Jeddah 21589, Saudi Arabia.
(6)Department of Chemistry, Faculty of Science, University of Jeddah, Jeddah 
21589, Saudi Arabia.
(7)Department of Chemistry, College of Science and Humanities, Prince Sattam Bin 
Abdulaziz University, P.O. Box 173, Al-Kharj 11942, Saudi Arabia.
(8)Post Graduate Department of Chemistry, Seth Kesarimal Porwal College of Arts, 
Commerce and Science, Kamptee 441001, India.
(9)Poona College of Pharmacy, Bharati Vidyapeeth (Deemed to Be) University, 
Pune, Maharashtra 411038, India.
(10)Department of Rasashastra and Bhaishajya Kalpana, Faculty of Ayurveda, 
Institute of Medical Sciences, Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi 221005, Uttar 
Pradesh, India.
(11)Space Science Center (ANGKASA), Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia, 43600 UKM, 
Bangi, Selangor, Malaysia.
(12)Department of Pharmacy, BGC Trust University Bangladesh, Chittagong 4381, 
Bangladesh.
(13)Department of Pharmacy, Faculty of Allied Health Sciences, Daffodil 
International University, Dhaka 1207, Bangladesh.

Retraction in
    Bioinorg Chem Appl. 2023 Dec 13;2023:9874934. doi: 10.1155/2023/9874934.

Environmental problems with chemical and biological water pollution have become 
a major concern for society. Providing people with safe and affordable water is 
a grand challenge of the 21st century. The study investigates the photocatalytic 
degradation capabilities of hydrothermally prepared pure and Cu-doped ZnO 
nanoparticles (NPs) for the elimination of dye pollutants. A simple, 
cost-effective hydrothermal process is employed to synthesize the Cu-doped ZnO 
NPs. The photocatalytic dye degradation activity of the synthesized Cu-doped ZnO 
NPs is tested by using methylene blue (MB) dye. In addition, the parameters that 
affect photodegradation efficiency, such as catalyst concentration, starting 
potential of hydrogen (pH), and dye concentration, were also assessed. The dye 
degradation is found to be directly proportional to the irradiation time, as 94% 
of the MB dye is degraded in 2 hrs. Similarly, the dye degradation shows an 
inverse relation to the MB dye concentration, as the degradation reduced from 
94% to 20% when the MB concentration increases from 5 ppm to 80 ppm. The 
synthesized cost-effective and environmentally friendly Cu-doped ZnO NPs exhibit 
improved photocatalytic activity against MB dye and can therefore be employed in 
wastewater treatment materials.

Copyright © 2022 Awais Khalid et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9459886
PMCID: PMC9303500
PMID: 35873731

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


330. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jul 13;2022:2416196. doi: 10.1155/2022/2416196. 
eCollection 2022.

Risk Factors of Acute Radiation-Induced Lung Injury Induced by Radiotherapy for 
Esophageal Cancer.

Zhang F(1), Liao L(1), Wei S(1), Lu Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, The People's Hospital of Hechi, Guangxi 547000, 
China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9895053. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9895053.

OBJECTIVE: To investigate the risk factors of acute radiation-induced lung 
injury (acute RILI) induced by radiotherapy for esophageal cancer.
METHODS: A total of 206 patients with esophageal cancer who received 
radiotherapy in our hospital from January 2017 to March 2020 were selected. The 
general data such as gender, age, and comorbidities of the patients were 
collected, as well as the levels of cytokines (TNF-α, TNF-β, and IL-6) in 
peripheral blood before radiotherapy; radiotherapy dose-related parameters were 
recorded during radiotherapy. Follow-up was 12 months after radiotherapy. The 
patients with induced acute RILI after radiotherapy were set as the observation 
group (n = 75). Patients without acute RILI after radiotherapy were set as the 
control group (n = 131). Univariate and multivariate logistic regression 
analysis was performed on the risk factors of acute RILI induced by radiotherapy 
for esophageal cancer.
RESULTS: Univariate analysis and multivariate logistic regression analysis 
showed that the combined diabetes, total radiation dose, combined lung disease, 
physical factors (V30, Dmean), and preradiotherapy cytokine (TNF-α, TNF-β, and 
IL-6) elevated level was an independent risk factor for radiotherapy-induced 
acute RILI in esophageal cancer (P < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: Concomitant diabetes, total radiation dose, lung disease, physical 
factors (V30, Dmean), and levels of cytokines (TNF-α, TNF-β, and IL-6) before 
radiation therapy are risk factors for acute RILI induced by radiation therapy 
in esophageal cancer. The possibility of acute RILI should be comprehensively 
assessed according to the patient's condition, and the radiotherapy regimen 
should be adjusted to reduce and avoid the induction of acute radiation-induced 
lung injury.

Copyright © 2022 Faen Zhang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2416196
PMCID: PMC9300318
PMID: 35872959 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


331. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2022 Jul 15;2022:1787854. doi: 10.1155/2022/1787854. eCollection 
2022.

The Treatment Combining Antiangiogenesis with Chemoradiotherapy Impinges on the 
Peripheral Circulation Vascular Endothelial Cells and Therapeutic Effect in the 
Patients with Locally Advanced Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma.

Gong X(#)(1), Wang L(#)(2), Wu W(1), Li Y(1), Long J(1), Chen X(1), Luo X(1), He 
Q(1), Bi T(1), Li Z(1), Luomeng Y(3), Jin F(1).

Author information:
(1)Head and Neck Oncology, The Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Guizhou Medical 
University, The Affiliated Hospital of Guizhou Medical University, Guiyang 
550004, China.
(2)Guiyang First People's Hospital, Guiyang 550002, China.
(3)Department of Oncology, Hainan Province Nongken General Hospital, Haikou 
570100, China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2024 Mar 20;2024:9842547. doi: 10.1155/2024/9842547.

This study was implemented for the evaluation on the circulating endothelial 
cells' (CECs) clinical significance in the locally advanced nasopharyngeal 
carcinoma treatment with endostatin-combined chemoradiotherapy. This study 
enrolled 47 patients with locally advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma who were 
hospitalized from May 9, 2012 to March 10, 2013. These patients were split up 
into the observation group (25 patients) and control group (22 patients). 
Patients in the observation group received the endostatin combined with 
induction chemotherapy and subsequently with concurrent chemoradiotherapy with 
endostatin. Patients in the control group were treated with inductive 
chemotherapy followed by concurrent chemoradiotherapy. CECs in peripheral blood 
were conducted separately before or after inductive chemotherapy and 
additionally in the end of concurrent chemoradiotherapy. The CEC values of the 
observation group showed significant statistical differences (p < 0.05) before 
or after different therapies, whereas those data in the control group were not 
statistically different. And, the mostly importantly, the CEC values in the 
observation group and control group turned out a statistical difference. The 
combination of endostatin and chemoradiotherapy significantly reduced parameters 
of peripheral blood CECs in these patients. According to the CEC parameters' 
variety that we observed in the combined therapies, this study demonstrated that 
the CECs might be a clinical clue to evaluate this antiangiogenic 
chemoradiotherapy. And the clinical value of CECs will be further determined 
along with increasing comparative studies and clinical long-term efficacy 
observation.

Copyright © 2022 Xiuyun Gong et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/1787854
PMCID: PMC9307343
PMID: 35872851 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest.


332. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jul 11;2022:4651364. doi: 10.1155/2022/4651364. 
eCollection 2022.

Research Value of Intensity Modulated Radiation Therapy in Alleviating Parotid 
Gland Function Injury in Patients with Stage N0 Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma from 
Physical and Dosimetric Aspects.

Zheng L(1), Wang H(2), Yang N(1), Du F(3), Xiao L(4), Wu G(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of E.N.T, Taizhou Hospital of Zhejiang Province Affiliated to 
Wenzhou Medical University, Taizhou, 317000 Zhejiang, China.
(2)Department of Pharmacy, Taizhou Hospital of Zhejiang Province Affiliated to 
Wenzhou Medical University, Taizhou, 317000 Zhejiang, China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Cancer Hospital of the University of Chinese 
Academy of Sciences (Zhejiang Cancer Hospital), Hangzhou, 310000 Zhejiang, 
China.
(4)Department of Otolaryngology, Taizhou Enze Medical Center (Group) Enze 
Hospital, Taizhou, 317000 Zhejiang, China.
(5)Department of E.N.T, Taizhou Second People's Hospital, Taizhou, 317000 
Zhejiang, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jun 28;2023:9792407. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9792407.

OBJECTIVE: To study the feasibility of intensity modulated radiation therapy 
(IMRT) for stage N0 nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) and its parotid gland (PG) 
function preservation from physical and dosimetric aspects.
METHODS: All the clinical data of 77 patients with pathologically confirmed 
T1-4N0M0 NPC who received radiotherapy between July 2017 and October 2019 in the 
Radiotherapy Center of Taizhou Hospital of Zhejiang Province affiliated to 
Wenzhou Medical University were analyzed retrospectively. Three-dimensional 
conformal radiotherapy (3D-CRT) and IMRT were used in 35 and 42 cases, 
respectively. The treatment efficiency and the dosimetry differences of the PG 
in the intensity modulation plan were compared between groups. Quantitative 
monitoring of 99mTc radionuclide imaging of PG was performed before, at the end 
of, and 3, 6, and 12 months after radiotherapy. The degree of PG function injury 
and xerostomia was compared between groups at the end of radiotherapy and 12 
months later.
RESULTS: Higher minimal, maximal, and average irradiation doses of PG were 
determined in 3D-CRT-treated patients compared with IMRT-treated cases (P < 
0.05). Compared with before radiotherapy, the PG uptake index (UI) and excretion 
index (EI) of both cohorts of patients decreased to varying degrees at the end 
of radiotherapy, with PG function injury and xerostomia symptoms observed in all 
cases but with no obvious difference between groups (P > 0.05). To a certain 
extent, the PG function recovered and the xerostomia symptoms relieved in both 
groups 12 months after radiotherapy, with better improvements in IMRT group 
versus 3D-CRT group.
CONCLUSION: IMRT has similar short-term efficacy to 3D-CRT in treating patients 
with stage N0 NPC, but it can effectively reduce the dose of PG radiotherapy and 
protect the PG function on the premise of ensuring sufficient tumor coverage and 
dose, showing certain dosimetry advantages.

Copyright © 2022 Lirong Zheng et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/4651364
PMCID: PMC9293508
PMID: 35860184 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


333. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2022 Jul 6;2022:9538051. doi: 10.1155/2022/9538051. 
eCollection 2022.

Antigallbladder Carcinoma Activity Analysis of a New Nanometer Drug Delivery 
System Based on Data Acquisition.

Li W(1), Liu Z(2), Liu Y(2), Qian L(3), Zhang Z(4), Nie L(5), Qu X(2).

Author information:
(1)The First Affiliated Hospital of Jiamusi University, Department of Emergency, 
Jiamusi 154000, China.
(2)The First Affiliated Hospital of Jiamusi University, Department of 
Radiotherapy and Chemotherapy, Jiamusi 154002, China.
(3)The School Hospital of Jiamusi University, Jiamusi 154000, China.
(4)The First Affiliated Hospital of Jiamusi University, Department of Post 
Graduation Continuing Education, Jiamusi 154000, China.
(5)The First Affiliated Hospital of Jiamusi University, Department of 
Pediatrics, Jiamusi 154000, China.

Retraction in
    Contrast Media Mol Imaging. 2023 Oct 4;2023:9785965. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9785965.

In order to solve the problem of the application of data acquisition in the new 
nanometer drug delivery system of microscope, a research of antigallbladder 
carcinoma activity analysis was proposed. Gallbladder carcinoma (GBC) is a 
common malignant tumor in biliary tract diseases. Due to the lack of specific 
clinical manifestations in the early stage, GBC has the shortcomings of the 
hidden onset, the difficult diagnosis, and the high misdiagnosis rate. GBC ranks 
in the top position among the most common tumors of the digestive system 
worldwide. The preoperative diagnosis rate is low, and the incidence of 
accidental gallbladder carcinoma is gradually increasing. Domestic gallbladder 
carcinoma related to cholecystectomy is not sensitive to radiotherapy and 
chemotherapy. Surgical resection is still the only effective method for the 
treatment of accidental gallbladder carcinoma.

Copyright © 2022 Weidong Li et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9538051
PMCID: PMC9279038
PMID: 35854774 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declared that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


334. Health Phys. 2022 Nov 1;123(5):387-391. doi: 10.1097/HP.0000000000001608. Epub 
2022 Jul 16.

Ethical Issues in the US 1956 National Academy of Sciences BEAR I Genetics Panel 
Report to the Public.

Calabrese EJ(1), Giordano J(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Environmental Health Sciences, Morrill I, N344, University of 
Massachusetts, Amherst, MA 01003.
(2)Departments of Neurology and Biochemistry and Pellegrino Center for Clinical 
Bioethics, Georgetown University Medical Center, Washington, DC 2007, or email 
at james.giordano@georgetown.edu.

This paper presents newly discovered evidence from the personal correspondence 
of four US National Academy of Sciences (NAS) Biological Effects of Atomic 
Radiation (BEAR) Genetics Panelists that their 1956 report to the public was 
written by a third party and was neither reviewed nor approved by the Panel 
prior to its publication and release to the public. The letters revealed that 
the 1956 Report contained serious errors and did not represent the views of the 
Panel. The failure of the US NAS to notify the public that the Report had not 
been reviewed and approved by the Panel represents a serious breach of ethics. 
Further ethical issues relate to the failure of the NAS to (1) correct the 
errors in the Report within an appropriately timely manner and (2) reveal the 
lack of approval by the Panel even after the Report's release. In light of these 
discoveries and the profound historical-and continuing-significance of the 1956 
Report to all conventional cancer-related risk assessment processes, we opine 
that this ethical improbity must be acknowledged and that this document must be 
retracted by the NAS.

Copyright © 2022 Health Physics Society.

DOI: 10.1097/HP.0000000000001608
PMID: 35848926 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


335. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2022 Jul 7;2022:3865601. doi: 10.1155/2022/3865601. eCollection 
2022.

Female Colon Cancer Metastasis Pattern and Prognosis: A SEER-Based Study.

Liu Y(1), Kang R(2), Zheng H(1), Wang P(1), Jiang W(1), Xiong B(1), Chen J(3), 
Xu J(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gastrointestinal Surgery, The Second Affiliated Hospital of 
Fujian Medical University, Quanzhou, China.
(2)Department of Gastric Surgery, Fujian Medical University Union Hospital, 
Fuzhou, China.
(3)Department of Endocrinology, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Qingdao, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2023 Dec 29;2023:9762484. doi: 10.1155/2023/9762484.

The purpose of this study was to compare the metastatic pattern and prognosis of 
female colon cancer (FCC) to that of male colon cancer (MCC) to ascertain the 
independent factors impacting the prognosis of patients with FCC. The data of 
the present study population were retrieved from the Surveillance, Epidemiology, 
and End Results (SEER) database. Descriptive analysis, the Kaplan-Meier method, 
and the Cox regression were used to evaluated FCC characteristics and factors 
associated with prognosis. There were 56,442 patients diagnosed with FCC, of 
whom 8,817 had distant metastases. Compared to patients with nonmetastatic FCC, 
a greater proportion of metastatic FCC patients was less than 60 years of age, 
black race, and grade III-IV. The primary sites were mainly located on the left 
side and have more possibility to receive chemotherapy and radiotherapy. 
Compared to metastatic MCC, a higher proportion of metastatic FCC patients 
ranged over 60 years of age, black race, treated without chemotherapy, and 
insurance, while the primary site was located on the right side. Liver and lung 
were the two most common sites of solitary metastases in CC, and among patients 
with solitary metastases in CC, patients who had lung metastases had a better 
prognosis than those who developed other types of metastasizes. Patients with 
FCC with metastases of the liver had a worse prognosis than their MCC 
counterparts. Cox multivariate regression analysis showed that the risk ratio 
was higher in metastatic FCC patients compared to those without metastases. We 
report the survival comparison of metastatic FCC with nonmetastatic FCC through 
the SEER database. Our results suggest that it has unique clinicopathological 
features and differs from metastatic MCC. Furthermore, patients with liver 
metastatic FCC have a worse prognosis than those with MCC. Emphasis on screening 
for colon cancer in women and additional clinical care should be paid for, 
especially for patients with FCC with metastatic liver cancer.

Copyright © 2022 Yurong Liu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/3865601
PMCID: PMC9283037
PMID: 35845938 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


336. Int J Biol Sci. 2022 Jun 7;18(10):3943. doi: 10.7150/ijbs.75303. eCollection 
2022.

NEK2 plays an active role in Tumorigenesis and Tumor Microenvironment in 
Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer: Retraction.

Bai R(1), Yuan C(1), Sun W(1), Zhang J(1), Luo Y(1), Gao Y(1), Li Y(1), Gong 
Y(2)(3), Xie C(1)(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation and Medical Oncology, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan, 
University, Wuhan, Hubei 430071, China.
(2)Department of Biological Repositories, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan, 
University, Wuhan, Hubei 430071, China.
(3)Tumor Precision Diagnosis and Treatment Technology and Translational Medicine 
Hubei Engineering Research Center, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, Wuhan, 
Hubei 430071, China.
(4)Hubei Key Laboratory of Tumour Biological Behaviors, Zhongnan Hospital of 
Wuhan University, Wuhan, Hubei 430071, China.
(5)Hubei Cancer Clinical Study Center, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, 
Wuhan, Hubei 430071, China.

Retraction of
    Int J Biol Sci. 2021 May 11;17(8):1995-2008. doi: 10.7150/ijbs.59019.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.7150/ijbs.59019.].

© The author(s).

DOI: 10.7150/ijbs.75303
PMCID: PMC9274490
PMID: 35844800


337. Cancer Radiother. 2022 Nov;26(8):1034-1044. doi: 10.1016/j.canrad.2022.04.004. 
Epub 2022 Jul 15.

[Feasibility study: The medical imaging as a tool for therapeutic education in 
radiotherapy].

[Article in French]

Kirkove D(1), Barthelemy N(2), Coucke P(3), Mievis C(2), Ben Mustapha S(2), 
Jodogne S(4), Dardenne N(5), Donneau AF(5), Pétré B(6).

Author information:
(1)Département des Sciences de la Santé Publique, Université de Liège, 
B23/Avenue Hippocrate, n(o) 13, 4000 Liège, Belgique. Electronic address: 
delphine.kirkove@uliege.be.
(2)Service Equipe mobile de soins palliatifs, Oncologie Radiothérapie, Centre 
Hospitalier Universitaire de Liège, Domaine Universitaire du Sart Tilman/B35, 
4000 Liège, Belgique.
(3)Département de Physique Médicale, Service médical de radiothérapie, Centre 
Hospitalier Universitaire de Liège, Domaine Universitaire du Sart Tilman/B35, 
4000 Liège, Belgique.
(4)Institute of Information and Communication Technologies, Electronics and 
Applied Mathematics, Louvain School of Engineering, 1348 Louvain-la-Neuve, 
Belgique.
(5)Département des Sciences de la Santé Publique, Université de Liège, 
B23/Avenue Hippocrate, n(o) 13, 4000 Liège, Belgique; Centre 
Hospitalo-Universitaire Biostatistique et méthodes de recherche (B-STAT), 
Faculté de Médecine, Université de Liège, B23/Avenue Hippocrate, n°13, 4000 
Liège, Belgique.
(6)Département des Sciences de la Santé Publique, Université de Liège, 
B23/Avenue Hippocrate, n(o) 13, 4000 Liège, Belgique.

PURPOSE: Assess the feasibility of a randomized controlled trial (RCT) exploring 
the use of medical imaging as a therapeutic education (TPE) intervention in 
external radiation therapy.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Experimental feasibility trial of "RCT" type carried out 
in a single-center, between November 2019 and March 2020, following adult 
patients treated by thoracic radiotherapy. In addition to the information 
usually given, the experimental group benefited from an intervention consisting 
in the visualization of their own medical images using the open-source software 
"Stone of Orthanc".
RESULTS: Forty-nine patients were recruited with a refusal rate of 8.16% (4/49). 
20 patients were withdrawn from the study for health reasons (COVID), 10 for 
medical reasons. All the remaining 15 participants completed the process. 
Although not significant, the experimental group showed a median gain in the 
perception of knowledge compared to the control group (+ 1.9 (1.6 - 2.2)) vs (+ 
1.4 (1.4 - 1.8)), as well as a decrease in scores related to anxiety (- 3.0 
(-4.5 - (-2.0)) vs - 1.0 (-5.0 - 0.0)) and emotional distress ((- 5.0 (- 7.5 - 
(- 3.5)) vs (- 2.0 (- 5.0 - (- 1.0)) A significant reduction (p=0.043) is 
observed for the depression score ((- 2.0 (-3.0 - (-1.5)) vs (0.0 (0.0 - 0.0)).
CONCLUSION: This study demonstrates the feasibility of the project, with 
promising preliminary results. Some adaptations in order to conduct a 
larger-scale RCT are highlighted.

Copyright © 2022 Société française de radiothérapie oncologique (SFRO). 
Published by Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.canrad.2022.04.004
PMID: 35843782 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


338. Asian J Surg. 2023 Jan;46(1):594-595. doi: 10.1016/j.asjsur.2022.06.187. Epub 
2022 Jul 14.

Anatomical retracting suture to stop postpartum hemorrhage from the lower 
uterine segment.

Li GT(1), Liu YJ(2), Li XF(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Hebei Yanda Hospital, Langfang, 
Hebei Province, 065201, PR China. Electronic address: lgt93@126.com.
(2)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, China Emergency General Hospital 
(China Meitan General Hospital), No. 29 Xibahe Nanli, Chaoyang District, 
Beijing, 100028, PR China.
(3)Departments of Radiation Oncology, Key Laboratory of Carcinogenesis and 
Translational Research (Ministry of Education/Beijing), Department of Radiation 
Oncology, Peking University Cancer Hospital & Institute, 52 Fucheng Rd, Haidian 
District, Beijing, 100142, PR China.

DOI: 10.1016/j.asjsur.2022.06.187
PMID: 35842389 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors 
declare that they have no conflict of interest.


339. Clin Exp Med. 2023 Jul;23(3):825-831. doi: 10.1007/s10238-022-00859-4. Epub 2022 
Jul 15.

Effect of Lugol's solution on (131)I therapy efficacy in Graves' disease.

Chai J(1), Zhang R(1), Zheng W(1), Zhang G(1), Jia Q(1), Tan J(1), Meng Z(2), 
Wang R(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nuclear Medicine, Tianjin Medical University General Hospital, 
Anshan Road No. 154, Heping District, Tianjin, 300052, People's Republic of 
China.
(2)Department of Nuclear Medicine, Tianjin Medical University General Hospital, 
Anshan Road No. 154, Heping District, Tianjin, 300052, People's Republic of 
China. zmeng@tmu.edu.cn.
(3)Department of Nuclear Medicine, Tongji University Tenth People's Hospital, 
Shanghai, 200000, People's Republic of China. roslyn_en@163.com.

PURPOSE: Lugol's solution could control thyroid function and suppress 131I 
uptake in hyperthyroidism. This study aimed to investigate the appropriate time 
to withdraw Lugol's solution before 131I therapy (RIT) in Graves' disease (GD) 
patients, and how this should influence 131I uptake and RIT outcome.
METHODS: Two groups (125 cases and 1805 cases) of GD patients received RIT, who 
were pre-treated with and without Lugol's solution (RI-CI group and RI group). 
The RI-CI group was further divided into the following sub-groups depending on 
the duration span between Lugol's solution withdrawal and RIT: sub-group A, 4-7 
d (n = 49); sub-group B, 8-14 d (n = 41); and sub-group C, 15-30 d (n = 35). The 
highest radioactive iodine uptake rate (RAIUmax), effective half-life (Teff), 
TRAb, and free triiodothyronine (FT3) and free thyroxine (FT4) levels were 
compared, and therapeutic outcome was evaluated.
RESULTS: There were no significant differences in RAIUmax, TRAb, and Teff among 
the four sub-groups (P > 0.05). Both FT3 and FT4 levels in sub-groups A and B 
were lower than those in group RI and sub-group C (P < 0.05). The outcome of 
non-hyperthyroidism (euthyroidism + hypothyroidism) in groups RI-CI and RI was 
significantly different at post-RIT month 1 and 3 (P < 0.05). However, 
intergroup differences at 6 and 12 months were not significant (P > 0.05).
CONCLUSIONS: Withdrawal of Lugol's solution 4-7 or 8-14 d before RIT does not 
influence 131I uptake and RIT efficacy in GD. Moreover, in order to avoid a 
rapid increase in thyroid hormone levels at the same time, Lugol's solution 
should be withdrawn 4-7 d before RIT.

© 2022. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland 
AG.

DOI: 10.1007/s10238-022-00859-4
PMID: 35840869 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


340. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Jul 5;2022:4418300. doi: 
10.1155/2022/4418300. eCollection 2022.

Hyal1 Expression in Colorectal Carcinoma Cell Migration and Invasiveness: 
Significance and Mechanism.

Zhao S(1), Zhao J(2), Zhang N(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Hangzhou Cancer Hospital, Hangzhou, 
Zhejiang 310002, China.
(2)College of Basic Medicine, Zhejiang Chinese Medical University, Hangzhou, 
Zhejiang 310002, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9765657. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9765657.

OBJECTIVE: To clarify the significance of hyaluronidsase 1 (Hyal1) expression in 
colorectal carcinoma (CRC) and its impact on tumor cell migration and 
invasiveness.
METHODS: Human CRC cell lines SW480, HCT116, and SW620 were purchased, ELISA and 
western blot were used to detect the expression of Hyal1 in cells, CCK-8 assay 
to detect cell proliferation ability, cell scratch assay to check cell migration 
rate, and cell invasion was detected by the transwell assay. The correlation of 
Hyal1 with CRC cell migration and invasiveness capacities was analyzed.
RESULT: ELISA results showed that supernatant Hyal1 level was the lowest in 
SW480, highest in HCT116, with the level in SW620 in between (P < 0.05). No 
evident difference was identified by western blot in Hyal1 protein expression 
among the three cells (P > 0.05). The cell scratch assay and transwell assay 
showed that the migration and invasion ability of HCT116 cells was higher than 
that of SW620 (P < 0.05). In vitro, Hyal1 had a synergistic relationship with 
the invasiveness and migration capacities of CRC cells (P < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: Hyal1 is elevated in CRC and is consistent with the invasiveness and 
metastasis abilities of CRC cells. It is hoped that this research can provide 
reference for future prevention and treatment of CRC.

Copyright © 2022 Shuangshuang Zhao et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/4418300
PMCID: PMC9276477
PMID: 35836827

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as potential conflicts of interest.


341. Acta Radiol Open. 2022 Jul 5;11(7):20584601221109919. doi: 
10.1177/20584601221109891. eCollection 2022 Jul.

A rare case of metastatic atypical meningioma that highlights the shortcomings 
of treatment options at present.

Wrange EKM(1), Harders SMW(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Aarhus University Hospital, Aarhus, Denmark.
(2)Department of Radiology, Odense University Hospital, Odense, Denmark.

We report a case of a locally invasive recurrent atypical meningioma in the 
temporal region with late onset of meningioma lung metastasis. The patient was 
diagnosed in early adolescence with an atypical meningioma believed to be 
radiotherapy induced following treatment of a benign pilocytic astrocytoma in 
the hypothalamus region at 6 years of age. Even though the patient underwent 
several surgical and radiotherapy treatments, the intracranial meningioma kept 
growing and was locally invasive. The patient received experimental treatment 
with bevacizumab, a vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A)-inhibitor, for 
4 years from age 26. Treatment was withdrawn after proven tumor growth on 
routine control MRI. A DOTA-TOC PET-CT-scan was performed to evaluate the 
DOTA-TOC somatostatin receptor number for possible SSTR (somatostatin receptor 
targeted therapy). In the included scan plan multiple lung metastasis were 
detected and later verified. Genomic tumor sequencing was performed, but no 
targeted treatment options were found. Instead, the patient finally, as the last 
treatment option, underwent 4 series of SSTR-targeted therapy (Lutetium 
DOTA-TOC). Unfortunately, the intracranial tumor component significantly 
progressed during the final stages of the treatment and the patient died less 
than a year after treatment was withdrawn at age 32. This case story illustrates 
the shortcomings of atypical/anaplastic meningioma treatment strategies at 
present and highlights the possibility of extracranial metastasis.

© The Author(s) 2022.

DOI: 10.1177/20584601221109891
PMCID: PMC9272056
PMID: 35833195

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of conflicting interests: The 
author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the 
research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.


342. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Jul 4;2022:5751903. doi: 
10.1155/2022/5751903. eCollection 2022.

Effects of Self-Care plus Forecasting Nursing on the Treatment Outcomes and 
Emotions in Patients with Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma after Radiotherapy.

Chen L(1), Yao W(2), Ding L(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otorhinolaryngology Surgery, Qingdao Municipal Hospital East, 
Qingdao 266071, Shandong Province, China.
(2)Department of Outpatient, Qingdao Municipal Hospital East, Qingdao 266071, 
Shandong Province, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9847364. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9847364.

OBJECTIVE: To explore the effects of self-care plus forecasting nursing on the 
treatment outcomes and emotions in nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients undergoing 
radiotherapy.
METHODS: Eighty nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients after radiotherapy admitted to 
our hospital from February 2020 to August 2021 were selected. The patients were 
allocated into an observation group (n = 40) and an experimental group (n = 40) 
according to different nursing protocols. The observation group received 
traditional nursing intervention, whereas the experimental group received 
self-care plus forecasting nursing intervention. The levels of the indexes 
(quality of life, score on the Zung Self-Rating Anxiety Scale (SAS), score on 
the Zung Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS), and adverse reaction) were compared 
between the two groups.
RESULTS: The score of the experimental group for the quality of life was 
significantly higher than that of the observation group (P < 0.05); the SAS and 
SDS scores of the experimental group after nursing intervention were 
significantly lower than those of the observation group (P < 0.05); the 
incidence of adverse reactions in the experimental group during radiotherapy was 
significantly lower than that of the observation group (P < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: The self-care plus forecasting nursing intervention is effective in 
postradiotherapy patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma. The technique is proved 
effective to improve the quality of life, reduce anxiety and depression, and 
decrease the incidence of adverse reactions in patients during treatment. These 
features make the technique worthy of a wider clinical application.

Copyright © 2022 Liqun Chen et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5751903
PMCID: PMC9273378
PMID: 35832531

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


343. Cureus. 2022 Jul 7;14(7):r60. doi: 10.7759/cureus.r60. eCollection 2022 Jul.

Retraction: Treatment of Trigeminal Neuralgia With Stereotactic Radiosurgery 
Improved Symptoms of Morbihan Syndrome.

Burgess L(1)(2), Mula-Hussain L(3)(1), Malone S(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Division of Radiation Oncology, University of 
Ottawa, Ottawa, CAN.
(2)Department of Radiology, Division of Radiation Oncology, The Ottawa Hospital 
Research Institute, Ottawa, CAN.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Sultan Qaboos Cancer Centre, Muscat, OMN.

Retraction of
    Cureus. 2021 Dec 28;13(12):e20774. doi: 10.7759/cureus.20774.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.7759/cureus.20774.].

Copyright © 2022, Burgess et al.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.r60
PMCID: PMC9264722
PMID: 35815309

Conflict of interest statement: No competing interests declared.


344. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Jun 29;2022:6245647. doi: 
10.1155/2022/6245647. eCollection 2022.

FSCN1 Promotes Glycolysis and Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition in Prostate 
Cancer through a YAP/TAZ Signaling Pathway.

Li M(1), Gao Z(1), Ding H(1), Wang Z(1), Mu H(1), Zhang L(1), Wei J(1), Ma Z(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Urology, Affiliated Hospital of Chifeng University, Chifeng, 
Neimenggu 024050, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Affiliated Hospital of Chifeng University, 
Chifeng, Neimenggu 024050, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Oct 4;2023:9870758. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9870758.

OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study is to investigate the role and possible 
mechanism of fascin-1 (FSCN1) in the invasion, migration, glycolysis, and 
epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) of prostate cancer.
METHODS: Real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) was utilized 
to determine the mRNA expression level of FSCN1 in prostate cancer tissues and 
prostate cancer cells PC-3 and DU145. The transwell and the scratch test were 
applied to detect the invasion and migration abilities of cells, respectively. A 
metabolic assay was used for measuring the glucose consumption, lactate 
production, and the extracellular acidification rate (ECAR) in cells; western 
blot was used for checking FSCN1, EMT, and yes-associated 
protein/transcriptional co-activators with the PDZ-binding motif (YAP/TAZ) 
signaling pathway-related protein expression level in cells or tissues.
RESULTS: FSCN1 was significantly highly expressed in prostate cancer tissues and 
cells. On the one hand, interference with the expression of FSCN1 could inhibit 
the invasion, migration, EMT, and glycolysis of prostate cancer cells. On the 
other hand, overexpression of FSCN1 promoted the invasion, migration, EMT, and 
glycolysis of prostate cancer cells. Besides, further mechanistic studies 
revealed that FSCN1 could activate the YAP/TAZ signaling pathway in prostate 
cancer cells.
CONCLUSION: FSCN1 promotes invasion, migration, EMT, and glycolysis in prostate 
cancer cells by activating the YAP/TAZ signaling pathway. FSCN1 may be used as a 
biomarker for the diagnosis or treatment in prostate cancer.

Copyright © 2022 Minghui Li et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/6245647
PMCID: PMC9259215
PMID: 35815268

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


345. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Environ Public Health. 2022 Jun 29;2022:3010851. doi: 10.1155/2022/3010851. 
eCollection 2022.

Ecological Landscape Design and Evaluation in Public Charging Facilities for 
Electric Vehicles.

Yu Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Academy of Fine Arts, Weifang University, Weifang, Shandong 261061, China.

Retraction in
    J Environ Public Health. 2023 Jul 26;2023:9809023. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9809023.

The deterioration of the environment in the 21st century has made environmental 
issues one of the most severe tests for modern society. With this comes a change 
in energy structure from high-carbon to low-carbon direction, and electric 
vehicles are gradually developing into the darling of a city with low-carbon 
transportation and safe travel. This paper carries out a systematic analysis of 
landscape design and environmental protection in the development of new energy 
electric vehicle charging facilities in urban habitat. By categorizing the 
content and provisions of published domestic and international standards, new 
requirements for standardization are obtained, including barrier-free design, 
electromagnetic radiation, child safety protection, and urban landscape 
integration. Among them, ecological landscape public charging facilities can 
enhance the overall quality of urban environment. This paper analyzes the 
necessity of landscape design in charging facilities, explores the ecological 
concepts extended by macroscopic landscape design principles and the problems of 
public charging facilities, and proposes a design and evaluation method of 
ecologically landscaped public charging facilities based on hierarchical 
analysis and neural networks. The hierarchical analysis method is introduced to 
establish a landscape design assessment index system, and then a neural network 
is introduced to describe the characteristics of electric vehicle charging, and 
the landscape design assessment learning samples are trained to establish a 
landscape design assessment model. Finally, a comparison experiment is conducted 
with other landscape design assessment methods using specific examples, and the 
results show that the proposed method has more obvious advantages in ecological 
landscape public charging facility design assessment with high accuracy, faster 
landscape design assessment, charging efficiency, and environmental protection.

Copyright © 2022 Yang Yu.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/3010851
PMCID: PMC9259233
PMID: 35815254 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The author states that this article has no 
conflicts of interest.


346. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Intell Neurosci. 2022 Jun 29;2022:5492602. doi: 10.1155/2022/5492602. 
eCollection 2022.

IFN-γ induces PD-L1 through p38/JNK/ERK signaling pathways and counteracts the 
tumor promoting effect mediated by PD-L1 in Glioblastoma.

Jia H(1), Xie X(2), Wang L(2), Wang L(2), Che F(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurology, Linyi People's Hospital, Qingdao University, Qingdao 
266071, Shandong, China.
(2)Central Laboratory, Linyi People's Hospital, Linyi 276000, Shandong, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Intell Neurosci. 2023 Nov 29;2023:9845607. doi: 10.1155/2023/9845607.

Glioblastoma is the most malignant primary glioma. Conventional treatment 
methods that include surgery, radiotherapy, and chemotherapy have a limited 
curative effect on the tumor. With the deepening of molecular biology research, 
molecular targeted therapy has opened a new era of tumor therapy. Programmed 
death ligand 1 (PD-L1) has been proved to play a pivotal role in the tumor 
immune evasion process. Previous studies have confirmed the specific expression 
of PD-L1 in glioblastoma tissues and cells, but there are few studies on 
inflammation regulating PD-L1 in glioblastoma. In this study, real-time PCR, 
flow cytometry, and western blot were applied to detect PD-L1 in glioblastoma 
cells. Short hairpin RNA was used to knock down PD-L1 in glioblastoma cells. 
Cell counting kit-8 experiment and wound-healing assay were used to detect the 
proliferation and migration of glioblastoma cells. Here we demonstrated that 
PD-L1 was overexpressed in glioblastoma cells, and interferon-gamma (IFN-γ) 
induces PD-L1 in glioblastoma cells via activating p38/JNK/ERK signaling 
pathways. To summarize, PD-L1 promotes the occurrence and development of 
glioblastoma. IFN-γ counteracts the tumor-promoting effects mediated by PD-L1 in 
glioblastoma. IFN-γ regulates PD-L1 through multiple signaling pathways, but the 
total effect of IFN-γ-mediated inflammatory signals still need to be further 
explored in glioblastoma. PD-L1 enhances the proliferation and migration of 
glioblastoma cells by regulating CDK4, CDK6, MMP-2, and vimentin molecules. Most 
importantly, targeting PD-L1 can be applied in the treatment of glioblastoma. We 
speculate that IFN-γ may affect glioblastoma through other pathways, and we will 
continue to further explore the mechanisms in the future.

Copyright © 2022 Huafang Jia et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5492602
PMCID: PMC9259257
PMID: 35814563 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest regarding this work.


347. Cureus. 2022 May 31;14(5):e25546. doi: 10.7759/cureus.25546. eCollection 2022 
May.

Comparative Quantification of Diffusion Tensor Tractography Using Automated 
Whole Brain MRI Tractography for Intracranial Tumor Surgery: Technical Note.

Alms C(1), Eseonu CI(1).

Author information:
(1)Neurological Surgery, University of Pittsburgh Medical Center (UPMC) Central 
Pennsylvania, Harrisburg, USA.

With the improvement of diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) and algorithms, diffusion 
tensor tractography (DTT) may provide quantitative information on white matter 
tracts (WMT) that may help quantitatively assess WMT integrity and distortion, 
which may help with correlations of neurologic function or prognosis. This 
manuscript is the first to describe a technical method for quantitative analysis 
of clinically relevant white matter tracts during intracranial tumor surgery. 
The authors quantitatively analyzed relevant proximal WMT, pre and 
postoperatively, in a patient undergoing cranial surgery using DTT software to 
evaluate fractional anisotropy (FA), mean diffusivity (MD), radial diffusivity 
(RD), axial diffusivity (AD), geodesic anisotropy (GA), tract count, and tract 
volume. A method was then established to formulate quantitative comparisons 
between pre and postoperative WMT. Quantitative assessment of the corticospinal 
and optic radiation tracts revealed significant increases in the FA, GA, and 
tract count in the corticospinal and optic radiations postoperatively (p<.0001). 
MD, RD, and AD were found to be significantly diminished postoperatively 
(p<.0001). The postoperative optic radiations showed diminished volume as a 
result of damage to the tract pathway. To conclude, the utilization of white 
matter tractography provides a technical advancement that allows for 
quantitative comparative assessments of white matter tracts, which could assess 
the degree of brain changes following tumor surgery.

Copyright © 2022, Alms et al.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.25546
PMCID: PMC9246502
PMID: 35800828

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


348. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jun 28;2022:8036763. doi: 10.1155/2022/8036763. 
eCollection 2022.

Postoperative Adjuvant Chemoradiotherapy on the Survival of Stage III Gastric 
Cancer.

Li C(1), Shao S(1), Sun Y(1), Shen F(1), Wang M(1), Wang H(1), Wang C(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Yancheng Third People's Hospital & The Sixth 
Affiliated Hospital of Nantong University, Yancheng, Jiangsu Province 224008, 
China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jul 12;2023:9781521. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9781521.

OBJECTIVE: Although adjuvant therapy has been shown to be beneficial in gastric 
cancer, the use of adjuvant chemoradiotherapy remains controversial. This paper 
investigated the effects of postoperative adjuvant chemoradiotherapy on the 
survival of patients with stage III gastric cancer.
METHODS: In total, the data of 72 stage III gastric cancer patients treated at 
our hospital from January 2014 to December 2019 were retrieved and assessed. 
They were categorized into a chemotherapy group (CT group) and a 
radiochemotherapy group (RCT group) according to their given treatment regimens. 
A 3-year follow-up was conducted to record their incidence of disease-free 
survival (DFS), overall survival (OS), and adverse events.
RESULTS: For the CT and RCT groups, DFS was 86.4% and 92.6% in the first year, 
decreasing to 55.1% and 73.7% in the second year, and 41.3% and 69.1% in the 
third year. There was no significant difference in DFS between the two groups 
during the three-year follow-up. Additionally, for the CT and RCT groups, their 
respective 1-year, 2-year, and 3-year OS were 95.6% and 96.3%, 75.1% and 87.9%, 
and 50.3% and 74.2%, indicating that the OS of patients in the RCT group was 
significantly higher than that in the CT group during 3 years of follow-up. 
Further, no significant difference in the incidence of adverse events was found 
between the two treatment groups.
CONCLUSIONS: Collectively, adjuvant radiochemotherapy after radical gastrectomy 
for stage III gastric cancer was associated with better survival outcomes than 
chemotherapy, without increase in adverse events.

Copyright © 2022 Chao Li et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/8036763
PMCID: PMC9256314
PMID: 35799652 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interest.


349. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Intell Neurosci. 2022 Jun 25;2022:9783113. doi: 10.1155/2022/9783113. 
eCollection 2022.

Comparison of Efficacy and Safety of TACE Combined with Microwave Ablation and 
TACE Combined with Cryoablation in the Treatment of Large Hepatocellular 
Carcinoma.

Wang Y(1), Li W(1), Man W(1), Dong X(1), Luo Y(1), Zhang Y(1), Zhang Y(1), Dong 
C(1), Sun W(1), Yang P(1).

Author information:
(1)The Fourth Affiliated Hospital of Harbin Medical University, Harbin, 
Heilongjiang 150001, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Intell Neurosci. 2023 Nov 29;2023:9837201. doi: 10.1155/2023/9837201.

PURPOSE: To retrospectively evaluate the efficacy and safety of TACE combined 
with microwave ablation (MWA) and TACE combined with cryoablation (CRA) in the 
treatment of large hepatocellular carcinoma.
METHODS: A retrospective analysis was performed on 81 patients with large 
hepatocellular carcinoma (tumor diameter 5～8 cm cm) who received TACE combined 
with ablation in our hospital from February 2015 to February 2019. The study 
patients were divided into TACE combined with MWA group (T-MWA, n = 41) and TACE 
combined with CRA group (T-CRA, n = 40) according to the treatment plan. Overall 
survival (OS) and progress free survival (PFS) were compared between the two 
groups, and complications were observed. Survival curves for OS and PFS were 
constructed by the Kaplan-Meier method. Differences in overall survival were 
compared using the log-rank test.
RESULTS: There was no statistical difference in general conditions between the 
two groups of patients. The results showed that 30 (73.2%) patients in T-MWA 
group achieved objective response (OR) and 39 (95.1%) patients achieved disease 
control (DC), compared with 24 (60.0%) patients in T-CRA group who achieved 
objective response (OR) and 37 (92.5%) patients who achieved disease control 
(DC). The median OS was 19.2 months in the T-MWA group and 18.6 months in the 
T-CRA group (P=0.64). The median PFS was 9.3 months in the T-MWA group and 12.3 
months in the T-CRA group (P=0.6). Univariate and multivariate analysis showed 
that portal vein tumor thrombus (PVTT), intrahepatic tumor diameter, and the 
number of tumor lesions were common prognostic factors for OS and PFS. In terms 
of surgery-related complications and adverse reactions, abdominal pain and 
gastrointestinal reactions were observed in 13 (31.7%) and 11(26.8%) cases in 
the T-MWA group, while we observed 4 (10.0%) and 2 (5.0%) cases in the T-CRA 
group, respectively. The difference between the two was statistically 
significant (P < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: TACE combined with MWA and TACE combined with CRA were equally 
effective in the treatment of large hepatocellular carcinoma. TACE-CRA can 
effectively reduce the incidence of abdominal pain and gastrointestinal 
reactions in patients. However, compared with TACE-MWA, TACE-CRA is more likely 
to cause thrombocytopenia.

Copyright © 2022 Yujia Wang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9783113
PMCID: PMC9252684
PMID: 35795769 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest regarding this work.


350. Indian J Ophthalmol. 2022 Jul;70(7):2335-2345. doi: 10.4103/ijo.IJO_3217_21.

Update on thyroid eye disease: Regional variations in prevalence, diagnosis, and 
management.

Yu CY(1), Ford RL(2), Wester ST(3), Shriver EM(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences, University of Iowa, Iowa 
City, IA, USA.
(2)Department of Ophthalmology, Bristol Eye Hospital, University Hospitals 
Bristol NHS Foundation Trust, Bristol, UK.
(3)Department of Ophthalmology, Bascom Palmer Eye Institute, University of Miami 
Miller School of Medicine, Miami, FL, USA.

Thyroid eye disease (TED) is a rare disease that can lead to decreased quality 
of life, permanent disfigurement, and vision loss. Clinically, TED presents with 
exophthalmos, periorbital edema, extraocular muscle dysfunction, and eyelid 
retraction, and can lead to vision-threatening complications such as exposure to 
keratopathy and dysthyroid optic neuropathy (DON). Over the last several years, 
significant advancements have been made in the understanding of its 
pathophysiology as well as optimal management. Ethnic variations in the 
prevalence, clinical presentation, and risk of vision-threatening complications 
of TED are summarized, and risk factors associated with TED are discussed. 
Additionally, significant advances have been made in the management of TED. The 
management of TED traditionally included anti-inflammatory medications, orbital 
radiation therapy, orbital surgical decompression, and biologic therapies. Most 
recently, targeted therapies such as teprotumumab, an insulin-like growth 
factor-1 receptor antagonist, have been studied in the context of TED, with 
promising initial data. In this review, updates in the understanding and 
management of TED are presented with a focus on the international variations in 
presentation and management.

DOI: 10.4103/ijo.IJO_3217_21
PMCID: PMC9426067
PMID: 35791115 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: None


351. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2022 Jun 25;2022:5642529. doi: 10.1155/2022/5642529. eCollection 
2022.

Construction of Prediction Model of Radiotherapy Set-Up Errors in Patients with 
Lung Cancer.

Yang F(1), Li X(1).

Author information:
(1)School of Nuclear Science and Technology, University of South China, 
Hengyang, Hunan Province 421001, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2023 Nov 29;2023:9787308. doi: 10.1155/2023/9787308.

OBJECTIVE: This study intends to construct an error distribution prediction 
model and analyze its parameters and analyzes the boundary size of CTV extension 
to PTV, so as to provide a reference for lung cancer patients to control 
clinical set-up errors and radiotherapy planning.
METHODS: The prior SBRT set-up error data of 50 patients with lung cancer 
treated by medical linear accelerator were selected, the Gaussian mixture model 
was adopted to construct the error distribution prediction model, and the model 
parameters were solved, based on which the emission boundary from CTV to PTV was 
calculated.
RESULTS: According to the analysis of the model parameters, the spatial 
distribution of set-up errors is mainly concentrated in the direction of four 
central points (μ 1 ~ μ 4), and the error is smaller in the Vrt direction 
(-0.991~2.808 mm) and Lat direction (-0.447~1.337 mm) and larger in the Lng 
direction (-1.065~4,463 mm). The possibility of offset of set-up errors in μ 2 
and μ 3 direction (0.4440, 02198) is greater than that of μ 1 and μ 4 (0.1767, 
0.1595). The standard deviation of set-up errors can reach 0.538 mm. The 
theoretical expansion boundary of CTV to PTV in Vrt, Lng, and Lat can be 
calculated as 1.7963 mm, 2.3749 mm, and 0.6066 mm.
CONCLUSION: The GMM Gaussian mixture model can quantitatively describe and 
predict the set-up errors distribution of lung cancer patients and can obtain 
the emission boundary of CTV to PTV, which provides a reference for radiotherapy 
set-up errors control and tumor planning target expansion of lung cancer 
patients without SBRT.

Copyright © 2022 Fan Yang and Xinxia Li.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5642529
PMCID: PMC9250426
PMID: 35789648 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


352. Med Phys. 2022 Sep;49(9):6161-6170. doi: 10.1002/mp.15833. Epub 2022 Jul 12.

Investigation on the impact of the leaf trailing effect using the Halcyon 
integrated platform system.

Pérez Azorín JF(1)(2), Saez J(3), Ramos Garcia LI(4), Hernandez V(5)(6).

Author information:
(1)Medical Physics and Radiation Protection Department, Gurutzeta-Cruces 
University Hospital, Barakaldo, Spain.
(2)Biocruces Health Research Institute, Barakaldo, Spain.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Hospital Clínic de Barcelona, Barcelona, 
Spain.
(4)Department of Oncology, Clínica Universidad de Navarra, University of 
Navarra, Pamplona, Spain.
(5)Department of Medical Physics, Hospital Sant Joan de Reus, IISPV, Tarragona, 
Spain.
(6)Universitat Rovira i Virgili, Tarragona, Spain.

PURPOSE: The double-stacked design of the Halcyon multileaf collimator (MLC) 
presents new challenges for treatment planning systems (TPSs). The leaf trailing 
effect has recently been described as the result of the interplay between the 
fluence transmitted through the leaf tip ends of each MLC layer. This effect 
makes the dosimetric leaf gap (DLG) dependent on the distance between the leaves 
of different layers (trailing distance) and is not adequately modeled by the 
Eclipse TPS. The purpose of our study was to investigate and report the dose 
discrepancies produced by these limitations in clinical plans and to explore how 
these discrepancies can be mitigated and avoided.
METHODS: The integrated platform with the Halcyon v2 system, Eclipse and Aria 
v15.6, was used. The dose discrepancies were obtained with electronic portal 
imaging device (EPID) images and the portal dosimetry software and validated 
using radiochromic film dosimetry. The results for the AIDA commissioning test 
and for nine selected clinical beams with the sliding window intensity modulated 
radiotherapy (dIMRT) technique were thoroughly analyzed and presented. First, 
the digital imaging and communications in medicine radiotherapy (DICOM RT) plans 
were exported and the fluences were computed using different leaf tip models, 
and then were compared. Second, the detailed characteristics of the 
corresponding leaf sequences were investigated. Finally, modified DICOM RT plans 
were created in which the noncollimating (backup) leaves were retracted 2 mm to 
increase the leaf trailing distance, the modified plans were imported back into 
the TPS and the measurements were repeated. Dedicated in-house tools were 
developed in Python to carry out all analyses.
RESULTS: Dose discrepancies greater than 10% and regions of gamma failure were 
found in both the AIDA test and clinical beams using static-gantry dIMRT. 
Fluence analysis highlighted that the discrepancies were due to limitations in 
the MLC model implemented in the TPS. Analysis of leaf sequences indicated that 
regions of failure were associated with very low leaf speeds and virtually 
motionless leaves within the beam aperture. Some of these discrepancies were 
mitigated by increasing the trailing distance of the noncollimating leaves 
without affecting the beam aperture, but this strategy was not possible in 
regions where the leaves from both layers actively defined the beam aperture.
CONCLUSIONS: Current limitations of the MLC model in Eclipse produced 
discrepancies between calculated and delivered doses in clinical beams that 
caused plan-specific quality assurance failures and interruptions in the 
clinical workflow. Careful evaluation of the clinical plans produced by Eclipse 
for the Halcyon is recommended, especially for static gantry dIMRT treatments. 
Some characteristics of leaf sequences are problematic and should be avoided in 
clinical plans and, in general, a better leaf tip model is needed. This is 
particularly important in adaptive radiotherapy treatments, where the accuracy 
and reliability of TPS dose calculations are of the utmost importance.

© 2022 American Association of Physicists in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1002/mp.15833
PMID: 35770385 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


353. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Emerg Med Int. 2022 Jun 18;2022:3158956. doi: 10.1155/2022/3158956. eCollection 
2022.

Clinicopathological Features of 166 Cases of Invasive Ductal Breast Carcinoma 
and Effect of Primary Tumor Location on Prognosis after Modified Radical 
Mastectomy.

Chen S(1), Yang L(1), Li Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thyroid and Breast and Vascular Surgery, Renmin Hospital, Hubei 
University of Medicine, Shiyan, Hubei 442000, China.

Retraction in
    Emerg Med Int. 2024 Jan 24;2024:9865905. doi: 10.1155/2024/9865905.

OBJECTIVE: To investigate the clinicopathological features of 166 cases of 
invasive ductal carcinoma (IDC) of the breast and to analyze the effect of the 
location of the primary tumor on the prognosis of modified radical mastectomy.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: The clinical data of 166 patients with IDC who underwent 
modified radical mastectomy in our hospital from May 2015 to May 2017 were 
retrospectively analyzed. The clinicopathological features of IDC patients were 
recorded. Univariate analysis and the multivariate logistic regression model 
were used to analyze the relationship between the location of the primary tumor 
and the prognosis of IDC patients after modified radical surgery. The effect of 
primary tumor location on the prognosis of modified radical resection was used 
with Survival curve analysis.
RESULTS: Among the patients in the central region, 13.33% had tumors >5 cm in 
diameter, which was higher than those in the other four groups. Among the 
patients in the upper inner quadrant, 59.38% received hormone therapy after 
operation, which was higher than those in the other four groups (P < 0.05). 
There were no significant differences in age, menopause, histological grading, 
molecular typing, lymph node metastasis, vascular invasion, radiation therapy, 
and chemotherapy among different groups (P > 0.05). Univariate analysis showed 
that molecular typing, lymph node metastasis, vascular invasion, and location of 
the primary tumor were all related to the prognosis of IDC patients after 
modified radical surgery, and the differences were statistically significant (P 
< 0.05). Logistic regression analysis showed that molecular typing, lymph node 
metastasis, vascular invasion, and primary tumor location were all independent 
influencing factors for prognosis of IDC patients after modified radical surgery 
(P < 0.05). As of 31 May 2021, there were 11 patients with recurrence and 
metastasis and 20 patients with death. The median survival time in the outer 
upper quadrant group was 80 months, which was higher than that in the outer 
lower quadrant group by 72 months, the median survival time in the central 
region group by 71 months, the median survival time in the inner upper quadrant 
group by 67 months, and the median survival time in the inner lower quadrant 
group by 61 months. The log-rank test showed all P < 0.001.
CONCLUSION: Patients with primary tumors located in the central area have larger 
tumor diameters. Patients located in the central area, upper inner quadrant, and 
lower inner quadrant are more likely to have lymphatic metastasis, have a more 
serious condition, and have a shorter prognosis survival time. Unluminal type, 
multiple lymph node metastases, vascular invasion, and the location of the 
primary tumor in the inner quadrant are all independent risk factors for 
prognosis in patients after modified radical surgery for IDC.

Copyright © 2022 Shiman Chen et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/3158956
PMCID: PMC9233582
PMID: 35761974

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


354. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2022 Jun 15;2022:6958806. doi: 10.1155/2022/6958806. eCollection 
2022.

Demographics and Economic Burden of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Inpatients.

Yang D(1)(2)(3)(4), Bin N(5), Zhou Z(1)(3)(4), Li Z(1)(3)(4), Shen M(1)(3)(4), 
Yang C(1)(3)(4), Qin Y(1)(3)(4), Wang R(1)(3)(4), Lv W(5), Wei B(6), Zhou 
L(7)(8), Kang M(1)(3)(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Guangxi 
Medical University, Nanning, 530021, Guangxi, China.
(2)The First Affiliated Hospital, Department of Radiation Oncology, Hengyang 
Medical School, University of South China, Hengyang, 421001 Hunan, China.
(3)Key Laboratory of Early Prevention and Treatment for Regional High Frequency 
Tumor (Guangxi Medical University), Ministry of Education, Nanning, 530021 
Guangxi, China.
(4)Guangxi Key Laboratory of Immunology and Metabolism for Liver Diseases, 
Nanning, 530021 Guangxi, China.
(5)Health Statistics information Center of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, 
Nanning, 530021 Guangxi, China.
(6)Guangxi Medical University Cancer Hospital, Nanning 530021, Guangxi, China.
(7)The Fourth Affiliated Hospital of Guangxi Medical University, Liuzhou 545005, 
Guangxi, China.
(8)Liuzhou Center for Disease Prevention and Control, Liuzhou 545005, Guangxi, 
China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2023 Dec 29;2023:9850320. doi: 10.1155/2023/9850320.

OBJECTIVE: Nasopharyngeal carcinoma is particularly prevalent in Guangdong and 
Guangxi (southern China); the economic burden of nasopharyngeal cancer patients 
is heavy in China. This study is aimed at retrospectively analyzing the basic 
features and economic burden of newly diagnosed nasopharyngeal carcinoma 
patients admitted to the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangxi Medical University 
and at providing a scientific basis for nasopharyngeal carcinoma prevention and 
control strategies.
METHODS: The data of 3,727 nasopharyngeal carcinoma inpatients diagnosed from 
January 2012 to December 2020 were extracted from the Guangxi Nasopharyngeal 
Carcinoma Healthcare Big Data Management Information Platform. Basic demographic 
characteristics, duration of hospital stay, and hospitalization cost of 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients were collected and analyzed statistically.
RESULTS: The incidence period of nasopharyngeal carcinoma was primarily from 30 
to 69 years of age, with the 40-49-year age group comprising the largest 
proportion of nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients, accounting for 34.18% of the 
patients with newly diagnosed nasopharyngeal carcinoma in the hospital. The 
male-to-female ratio was 2.87 : 1. There were 2,223 cases from rural areas, 
2,153 from the Han ethnic group, and 1,460 from the Zhuang ethnic group, 
accounting for 59.65%, 55.77%, and 39.17% of the total number of cases, 
respectively. The average duration of hospitalization decreased whereas the 
average hospitalization cost increased annually. Multivariate analysis of 
hospitalization cost showed that the duration of hospital stay, rural/urban, and 
ethnicity was the main influencing factors: the longer the duration of hospital 
stay, the higher the hospitalization cost; patients from rural incurred lower 
costs than from urban; ethnic Zhuang patients incurred significantly lower costs 
than patients from other ethnicities.
CONCLUSION: Early diagnosis and treatment should be actively carried out to 
reduce the incidence of nasopharyngeal carcinoma, especially for rural, ethnic 
Zhuang, and males in the 40-49-year age group patients. The future research on 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma will focus on exploring the pathogenesis of 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma, improving the screening system, and reducing the 
burden on patients, in order to further improve the survival rate and quality of 
life of patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma.

Copyright © 2022 Dong Yang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/6958806
PMCID: PMC9217537
PMID: 35757475 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


355. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Appl Bionics Biomech. 2022 Jun 17;2022:5450575. doi: 10.1155/2022/5450575. 
eCollection 2022.

Construction of Nursing Practice Model in Case Management of Concurrent 
Chemotherapy and Radiochemotherapy Treatment in Cervical Cancer.

Tang L(1), Xing Y(1), Li H(1).

Author information:
(1)Sichuan Cancer Hospital & Institute, Sichuan Cancer Center, School of 
Medicine, University of Electronic Science and Technology of China, Chengdu 
610041, China.

Retraction in
    Appl Bionics Biomech. 2023 Aug 16;2023:9826491. doi: 10.1155/2023/9826491.

OBJECTIVE: To construct a case management model of synchronous radiotherapy and 
concurrent chemotherapy and radiochemotherapy (CRR) for cervical cancer led by 
nurses and carry out preliminary implementation and evaluation, so as to explore 
a new model of nursing practice.
METHODS: Totally 80 cervical cancer patients were included in this study, 43 
patients were in the experimental group, and 37 patients were in the control 
group. The clinical data, side effects, psychological reactions, and nutritional 
indexes were collected before and after the intervention.
RESULTS: The results of Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADs) showed that 
anxiety and depression scores decreased after intervention in the experimental 
group, and the difference between two groups had significant after intervention 
(P < 0.05). Serum fatty acids, albumin, and cholesterol in the experimental 
group were decreased after the intervention. Moreover, the incidence of 
radiation vaginitis and radiation dermatitis had significant differences between 
the two groups (P < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: The case management nursing practice mode of concurrent radiotherapy 
and chemotherapy for cervical cancer can effectively promote the self-management 
of risk factors, reduce the occurrence of complications, and improve the ability 
of self-care.

Copyright © 2022 Liqin Tang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5450575
PMCID: PMC9232302
PMID: 35756867

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


356. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Jun 14;2022:8495452. doi: 
10.1155/2022/8495452. eCollection 2022.

Chemotherapy with a TP Regimen in Combination with Stereotactic Radiotherapy 
Could Significantly Optimize the Clinical Efficacy of NSCLC Treatment.

Wu C(1), Chen B(1), Wang M(1), Tang Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine, Shiyan Taihe Hospital, 
Shiyan 442000, Hubei, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9806393. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9806393.

The changes in lifestyle and bad living habits have a significant impact on the 
health of people, resulting in an increasing prevalence of lung cancer. The most 
prevalent kind of lung cancer is nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC), which 
accounts for around 80% of all cases. Chemotherapy is a common treatment method 
in clinical practice with certain negative effects. The primary goal of this 
study is to investigate the clinical efficacy of stereotactic radiotherapy in 
combination with a docetaxel plus cisplatin (TP) chemotherapy regimen in 
patients with nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and their impact on the levels 
of cytokeratin fragment 21-1 (CYFRA21-1) and metastasis-associated lung 
adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1) in NSCLC patients. Eighty patients who were 
admitted to the hospital between November 2016 and November 2019 were recruited 
and assigned to receive either chemotherapy with a TP regimen (the control 
group) or chemotherapy with a TP regimen plus stereotactic radiotherapy (the 
observation group). The WHO response evaluation criteria (REC) for solid tumors 
were adopted to analyze short-term efficacy, and the Karnofsky performance 
status (KPS) score was used to assess the quality of life by recording adverse 
reactions in the blood system, kidney, gastrointestinal tract, bladder, nervous 
system, and heart. The levels of CYFRA21-1 and MALAT1 in serum before and after 
the treatment were determined and compared. As a result, the observation group 
showed higher total efficacy and MALAT1 level, better quality of life, and lower 
CYFRA21-1 level than the control group (P < 0.05). Stereotactic radiotherapy 
plus TP regimen chemotherapy resulted in significantly better progression-free 
survival, overall survival, survival rate, and long-term prognosis versus 
chemotherapy alone. Moreover, combined therapy was associated with a lower 
incidence of hemoglobin reduction, gastrointestinal reaction, and renal 
impairment versus TP regimen chemotherapy (P < 0.05). Therefore, we concluded 
that stereotactic radiotherapy plus chemotherapy with a TP regimen significantly 
optimizes the clinical efficacy of the NSCLC treatment.

Copyright © 2022 Chenglin Wu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/8495452
PMCID: PMC9213125
PMID: 35747378

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


357. Cancers (Basel). 2022 Jun 18;14(12):3010. doi: 10.3390/cancers14123010.

Methods of Esthetic Assessment after Adjuvant Whole-Breast Radiotherapy in 
Breast Cancer Patients: Evaluation of the BCCT.core Software and Patients' and 
Physicians' Assessment from the Randomized IMRT-MC2 Trial.

Forster T(1)(2)(3), Köhler C(1), Dorn M(1), Häfner MF(1)(2)(3), Arians 
N(1)(2)(3), König L(1)(2)(3), Harrabi SB(1)(2)(3), Schlampp I(1)(2)(3), Meixner 
E(1)(2)(3), Heinrich V(4), Weidner N(4), Golatta M(5), Hennigs A(5), Heil J(5), 
Hof H(6), Krug D(1)(2)(3)(7), Debus J(1)(2)(3)(8)(9)(10), Hörner-Rieber 
J(1)(2)(3)(8).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Heidelberg University Hospital, 69120 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(2)Heidelberg Institute of Radiation Oncology (HIRO), 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.
(3)National Center for Tumor Diseases (NCT), Heidelberg University Hospital, 
69120 Heidelberg, Germany.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Eberhard-Karls-University Tuebingen, 72070 
Tuebingen, Germany.
(5)Department of Gynecology and Obstetrics, University of Heidelberg, 69115 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(6)Strahlentherapie Rhein-Pfalz, 67433 Neustadt, Germany.
(7)Department of Radiation Oncology, University Hospital Schleswig Holstein, 
24105 Kiel, Germany.
(8)Clinical Cooperation Unit Radiation Oncology, German Cancer Research Center 
(DKFZ), 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.
(9)Heidelberg Ion-Beam Therapy Center (HIT), Department of Radiation Oncology, 
Heidelberg University Hospital, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.
(10)German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), Partner Site Heidelberg, Heidelberg 
University Hospital, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.

The present analysis compares the esthetics assessment by the BCCT.core software 
in relation to patients' and physicians' ratings, based on the IMRT-MC2 trial. 
Within this trial, breast cancer patients received breast-conserving surgery 
(BCS) and adjuvant radiotherapy. At the baseline, 6 weeks, and 2 years after 
radiotherapy, photos of the breasts were assessed by the software and patients' 
and physicians' assessments were performed. Agreement rates of the assessments 
and their correlation with breast asymmetry indices were evaluated. The 
assessments of the software and the physicians were significantly correlated 
with asymmetry indices. Before and 6 weeks after radiotherapy, the patients' 
self-assessment was only correlated with the lower breast contour (LBC) and 
upward nipple retraction (UNR), while after 2 years, there was also a 
correlation with other indices. Only a slight agreement between the BCCT.core 
software and the physicians' or patients' assessment was seen, while a moderate 
and substantial agreement was detected between the physicians' and the patients' 
assessment after 6 weeks and 2 years, respectively. The BCCT.core software is a 
reliable tool to measure asymmetries, but may not sufficiently evaluate the 
esthetic outcome as perceived by patients. It may be more appropriate for a 
long-term follow-up, when symmetry appears to increase in importance.

DOI: 10.3390/cancers14123010
PMCID: PMC9221255
PMID: 35740675

Conflict of interest statement: JHR received speaker fees and travel 
reimbursement from ViewRay Inc., as well as travel reimbursement form IntraOP 
Medical and Elekta Instrument AB outside of the submitted work. JHR received 
grants from IntraOP Medical and Varian Medical Systems outside of the submitted 
work. DK received honoraria from Merck Sharp and Dohme and Pfizer, as well as 
research funding from Merck KGaA outside of the submitted work. JD received 
grants from CRI – The Clinical Research Institute GmbH, View Ray Inc., Accuray 
International, Accuray Incorporated, RaySearch Laboratories AB, Vision RT 
limited, Astellas Pharma GmbH, Merck Serono GmbH, Astra Zeneca GmbH, Solution 
Akademie GmbH, Ergomed PLC Surrey Research Park, Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 
Quintiles GmbH, Pharmaceutecal Research Associates GmbH, Boehringer Ingelheim 
Pharma GmbH Co., PTW-Freiburg Pychlau GmbH, and Nanobiotix A.A., as well as 
IntraOP Medical outside of the submitted work. All other authors declare that 
they have no conflict of interest.


358. Signal Transduct Target Ther. 2022 Jun 24;7(1):190. doi: 
10.1038/s41392-022-01018-7.

CB1R-stabilized NLRP3 inflammasome drives antipsychotics cardiotoxicity.

Li L(#)(1)(2), Gao P(#)(3), Tang X(4), Liu Z(4), Cao M(3), Luo R(5), Li X(4), 
Wang J(4), Lin X(4), Peng C(6), Li Z(6), Zhang J(7), Zhang X(8), Cao Z(9), Zou 
Y(10), Jin L(11)(12).

Author information:
(1)Department of Forensic Medicine, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Fudan 
University, Shanghai, 200032, China. liliangli11@fudan.edu.cn.
(2)State Key Laboratory of Genetic Engineering, Collaborative Innovation Center 
for Genetics and Development, School of Life Sciences & Human Phenome Institute, 
Fudan University, Shanghai, 200438, China. liliangli11@fudan.edu.cn.
(3)Shanghai Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases, Zhongshan Hospital and 
Institutes of Biomedical Sciences, Fudan University, Shanghai, 200032, China.
(4)Department of Forensic Medicine, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Fudan 
University, Shanghai, 200032, China.
(5)State Key Laboratory of Genetic Engineering, Collaborative Innovation Center 
for Genetics and Development, School of Life Sciences & Human Phenome Institute, 
Fudan University, Shanghai, 200438, China.
(6)National Facility for Protein Science in Shanghai, Zhangjiang Lab, Shanghai 
Advanced Research Institute, Chinese Academy of Science, Shanghai, 201210, 
China.
(7)Academy of Forensic Science, Ministry of Justice, and Shanghai Key Laboratory 
of Forensic Medicine, Shanghai, 200063, China.
(8)Department of Cardiology, Kunshan Hospital of Integrated Traditional Chinese 
and Western Medicine, Kunshan, Jiangsu, 215301, China.
(9)School of Pharmacy, Fudan University, Shanghai, 201203, China.
(10)Shanghai Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases, Zhongshan Hospital and 
Institutes of Biomedical Sciences, Fudan University, Shanghai, 200032, China. 
zou.yunzeng@zs-hospital.sh.cn.
(11)State Key Laboratory of Genetic Engineering, Collaborative Innovation Center 
for Genetics and Development, School of Life Sciences & Human Phenome Institute, 
Fudan University, Shanghai, 200438, China. lijin@fudan.edu.cn.
(12)Shanghai Medical College, Fudan University, Shanghai, 200032, China. 
lijin@fudan.edu.cn.
(#)Contributed equally

Long-term use of antipsychotics is a common cause of myocardial injury and even 
sudden cardiac deaths that often lead to drug withdrawn or discontinuation. 
Mechanisms underlying antipsychotics cardiotoxicity remain largely unknown. 
Herein we performed RNA sequencing and found that NLRP3 inflammasome-mediated 
pyroptosis contributed predominantly to multiple antipsychotics cardiotoxicity. 
Pyroptosis-based small-molecule compound screen identified cannabinoid receptor 
1 (CB1R) as an upstream regulator of the NLRP3 inflammasome. Mechanistically, 
antipsychotics competitively bond to the CB1R and led to CB1R translocation to 
the cytoplasm, where CB1R directly interacted with NLRP3 inflammasome via amino 
acid residues 177-209, rendering stabilization of the inflammasome. Knockout of 
Cb1r significantly alleviated antipsychotic-induced cardiomyocyte pyroptosis and 
cardiotoxicity. Multi-organ-based investigation revealed no additional toxicity 
of newer CB1R antagonists. In authentic human cases, the expression of CB1R and 
NLRP3 inflammasome positively correlated with antipsychotics-induced 
cardiotoxicity. These results suggest that CB1R is a potent regulator of the 
NLRP3 inflammsome-mediated pyroptosis and small-molecule inhibitors targeting 
the CB1R/NLRP3 signaling represent attractive approaches to rescue cardiac side 
effects of antipsychotics.

© 2022. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1038/s41392-022-01018-7
PMCID: PMC9225989
PMID: 35739093 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


359. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Intell Neurosci. 2022 Jun 13;2022:7201485. doi: 10.1155/2022/7201485. 
eCollection 2022.

Data Analysis for Modeling the Effect of Acupuncture on Postchemotherapy Cancer 
Fatigue in Gynecologic Oncology Patients.

Deng J(1), Qian Y(1), Chen X(2), Jiang J(2).

Author information:
(1)Clinical Medical College, Guang'an Vocational & Technical College, Guang'an, 
Sichuan 638500, China.
(2)Cancer Hospital of Chongqing University, Shapingba, Chongqing 400030, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Intell Neurosci. 2023 Oct 4;2023:9847081. doi: 10.1155/2023/9847081.

Now cancer-related fatigue is gradually being emphasized, which is a common 
symptom in cancer patients. During long-term radiotherapy, the emotion of 
patients will be affected directly, and inevitably produce cancer-caused fatigue 
needle symptoms. Moreover, the weakness and fatigue are always produced 
simultaneously, which are harmful to patients' prognosis level of their overall 
survival quality. The acupuncture has a helpful effect on improving the Chinese 
medical evidence of side effects caused by radiotherapy and chemotherapy in 
tumor patients. In this paper, we model the effect of acupuncture on cancer 
fatigue after chemotherapy in gynecologic oncology patients through data 
analysis, so as to effectively analyze the degree of cancer fatigue after 
chemotherapy in patients.

Copyright © 2022 Jili Deng et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/7201485
PMCID: PMC9208934
PMID: 35733570 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declared that they have no conflicts 
of interest regarding this work.


360. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Oncol. 2022 Jun 11;2022:9690401. doi: 10.1155/2022/9690401. eCollection 2022.

Multifactorial Analysis of Clinical Prognosis of Liver Metastasis and Vascular 
Intervention Combined with Ablation in Colorectal Cancer.

Lin W(1), Zhu C(1), Yao J(1), Liu Y(1), Lin H(2), Liu Y(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Interventional, Quanzhou First Hospital Affiliated of Fujian 
Medical University, Quanzhou 362000, Fujian, China.
(2)Department of Imaging, Quanzhou First Hospital Affiliated of Fujian Medical 
University, Quanzhou 362000, Fujian, China.
(3)Department of Gastrointestinal Surgery, Quanzhou First Hospital Affiliated of 
Fujian Medical University, Quanzhou 362000, Fujian, China.

Retraction in
    J Oncol. 2023 Aug 2;2023:9816834. doi: 10.1155/2023/9816834.

Colorectal cancer is one of the leading causes of deaths in China. The initial 
stages of colorectal cancer can be treated by surgery, radiation, and 
chemotherapy. However, in the advanced stages, it warrants an application of 
multimodality treatment. With advances in the medical field, there are 
applications of new modality of treatment that could possibly provide the 
appropriate treatment for the advanced stage tumours. The first site of 
metastasis after colorectal cancer is the liver and the conventional treatment 
to cure the metastatic lesion involves the administration of chemotherapy. With 
further advancement, chemotherapy has been directly administered at the thorough 
transarterial chemoembolization (TACE) which is a vascular intervention. With 
further advancement, the nonvascular intervention, such as radiofrequency 
ablations (RFAs), has been administered to the patients. A large amount of data 
support the use of vascular intervention (TACE) with ablation for hepatic 
carcinoma; there is no sufficient literature to support the application of the 
modality in the metastatic liver lesion. In this prospective observational 
study, we have enrolled 80 patients with metastatic liver lesion from the 
adenocarcinoma of colon or rectum, treated the patients with a combination of 
the TACE and ablation therapy, and followed up the patients for a period of 3 
years. A multivariate analysis of the various factors that influence the 
prognosis and outcome has been studied and it has been concluded that the 
combination therapy is medically beneficial for individuals with aggressive 
liver lesions, improving overall as well as progression-free life span.

Copyright © 2022 WenJi Lin et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9690401
PMCID: PMC9206548
PMID: 35726221

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


361. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Front Med (Lausanne). 2022 Jun 1;9:799310. doi: 10.3389/fmed.2022.799310. 
eCollection 2022.

Case Report: Treatment of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy With Stereotactic Body 
Radiotherapy.

Xiao L(1), Liu J(2), Zhang Y(1), Liu Y(1), Tang Y(3), Zhang M(4), Ding Z(2), 
Xiao E(2), Chen T(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, The Second Xiangya Hospital of Central South 
University, Changsha, China.
(2)Department of Radiology, The Second Xiangya Hospital of Central South 
University, Changsha, China.
(3)Department of Medical Record, The Second Xiangya Hospital of Central South 
University, Changsha, China.
(4)Department of Ultrasound Diagnosis, The Second Xiangya Hospital of Central 
South University, Changsha, China.
(5)Department of Oncology, Xiangya Hospital of Central South University, 
Changsha, China.

Retraction in
    Front Med (Lausanne). 2023 Sep 13;10:1292285. doi: 
10.3389/fmed.2023.1292285.

Patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM), which is characterized by left 
ventricular hypertrophy, is usually treated with medications such as calcium 
channel blockers or beta-blockers and invasive treatments such as transcatheter 
alcohol septal ablation, percutaneous radiofrequency ablation, or heart 
transplantation. However, non-invasive methods have not been employed for the 
management of patients with HCM. A 71-year-old male who presented with 
occasional chest pain for approximately 2 months and had been diagnosed with HCM 
since he was 39 years old due to occasional fainting was treated with a novel 
method for HCM using stereotactic body radiotherapy (SBRT). The administration 
of 25 Gy of radiation as one fraction led to an improvement in his quality of 
life. No toxicity occurred during or immediately after the treatment. Our 
observations suggest that SBRT may be a reasonable treatment approach for 
patients with HCM who are not suitable for surgery.

Copyright © 2022 Xiao, Liu, Zhang, Liu, Tang, Zhang, Ding, Xiao and Chen.

DOI: 10.3389/fmed.2022.799310
PMCID: PMC9198300
PMID: 35721064

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


362. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jun 9;2022:6354801. doi: 10.1155/2022/6354801. 
eCollection 2022.

Research on Improving the Executive Ability of University Administrators Based 
on Deep Learning.

Wei C(1), Wang S(2).

Author information:
(1)School Journal Editorial Department, Guangzhou College of Technology and 
Business, Guangzhou Guangdong 510850, China.
(2)College of Intelligent Cold-Chain Industries, Guangzhou College of Technology 
and Business, Guangzhou Guangdong 510850, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Oct 18;2023:9803786. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9803786.

Over the years, experts have focused their research on ways to increase the 
executive capacity of university administrators. This is because only by 
improving the quality of execution of college and university administrative 
personnel can they actively execute various policies and measures, fully exploit 
their subjective initiative, and ensure the educational reform of colleges and 
universities. Increasing the executive capacity of administrative staff can help 
colleges and universities manage more effectively. Therefore, in the development 
process of higher education institutions, it is necessary to strengthen the 
execution of administrative staff, especially the need to adhere to the problem 
as the basic orientation. Take scientific and practical steps to strengthen 
administrative personnel's executive ability in light of current issues with 
administrative management personnel's executive power, and establish the 
groundwork for ensuring the quality of management work. Combining deep learning, 
this paper proposes a path to improve the executive power of college 
administrators based on deep learning. To begin, familiarize yourself with the 
deep noise reduction autoencoder model and support vector regression (SVR) 
theory and build the DDAE-SVR deep neural network (DNN) model. Then, input a 
small-scale feature index sample data set and a large-scale short-term traffic 
flow data set for experiments; then, assess the model's parameters to achieve 
the optimal model. Finally, use performance indicators such as MSE and MAPE to 
compare with other shallow models to verify the effectiveness and advantages of 
the DDAE-SVR DNN model in the execution improvement path output of university 
administrators and large-scale data sets.

Copyright © 2022 Chengyan Wei and Shenxiang Wang.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/6354801
PMCID: PMC9203178
PMID: 35720024 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interest.


363. Free Radic Biol Med. 2022 Aug 1;188:468. doi: 
10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2022.06.012. Epub 2022 Jun 17.

Retraction notice to Corrigendum to "Inhibition of CaMKII in mitochondria 
preserves endothelial barrier function after irradiation" [Free Radical Biol. 
Med. 146, January (2020) 287-298].

Roy SJ(1), Koval OM(1), Sebag SC(1), Ait-Aissa K(1), Allen BG(2), Spitz DR(2), 
Grumbach IM(3).

Author information:
(1)Abboud Cardiovascular Research Center, Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, 
Department of Internal Medicine, University of Iowa, 169 Newton Rd., 4336 PBDB, 
Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA.
(2)Free Radical and Radiation Biology Program, Department of Radiation Oncology, 
Holden Comprehensive Cancer Center, B180 Medical Laboratories, University of 
Iowa, Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA.
(3)Abboud Cardiovascular Research Center, Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, 
Department of Internal Medicine, University of Iowa, 169 Newton Rd., 4336 PBDB, 
Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA; Free Radical and Radiation Biology Program, 
Department of Radiation Oncology, Holden Comprehensive Cancer Center, B180 
Medical Laboratories, University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA; Veterans 
Affairs Health Care System, 601 Hwy 6 West, Iowa City, IA, 52246, USA. 
Electronic address: Isabella-grumbach@uiowa.edu.

Retraction of
    Free Radic Biol Med. 2021 Nov 20;176:118-119. doi: 
10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2021.09.011.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal (http://www.elsevier.com/locate/withdrawalpolicy). This article has 
been retracted at the request of the Authors and Editor-in-Chief. Some of the 
data presented in Figure 6C, F and G of the paper to which this corrigendum 
relates were reported incorrectly in the published article. After being 
contacted by the Journal, the authors discovered an unintentional error in how 
the original data were analyzed that could affect the accuracy of the subsequent 
analysis. The raw data were incorrectly grouped in the analysis software, 
thereby altering the comparisons. Therefore the authors wish to retract the 
paper and corrigendum and will recollect and reanalyze the data appropriately. 
The authors apologize for any inconvenience.

Copyright © 2022 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2022.06.012
PMID: 35718632


364. Clin Oncol (R Coll Radiol). 2022 Sep;34(9):e410-e419. doi: 
10.1016/j.clon.2022.05.020. Epub 2022 Jun 16.

TROG 14.04: Multicentre Study of Feasibility and Impact on Anxiety of DIBH in 
Breast Cancer Patients.

Kron T(1), Bressel M(2), Lonski P(3), Hill C(4), Mercieca-Bebber R(5), Ahern 
V(6), Lehman M(7), Johnson C(8), Latty D(9), Ward R(9), Miller D(10), Banjade 
D(11), Morriss D(12), De Abreu Lourenco R(13), Woodcock J(14), Montgomery R(15), 
Lehmann J(16), Chua BH(17).

Author information:
(1)Department of Physical Sciences, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, Melbourne, 
Australia; Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, University of Melbourne, 
Melbourne, Australia; Centre for Medical Radiation Physics, University of 
Wollongong, Wollongong, Australia. Electronic address: Tomas.Kron@petermac.org.
(2)Sir Peter MacCallum Department of Oncology, University of Melbourne, 
Melbourne, Australia; Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, BACT, Melbourne, Australia.
(3)Department of Physical Sciences, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, Melbourne, 
Australia.
(4)Australian Centre for Cannabinoid Clinical and Research Excellence (ACRE), 
Sydney, Australia.
(5)NHMRC Clinical Trials Centre, University of Sydney, Australia.
(6)Department of Radiation Oncology, Westmead Hospital, Sydney, Australia.
(7)Department of Radiation Oncology, Princess Alexandra Hospital, Brisbane, 
Australia.
(8)Department of Radiation Oncology, Wellington Hospital, Wellington, New 
Zealand.
(9)Department of Radiation Therapy Services, Westmead Hospital, Sydney, 
Australia.
(10)Department of Radiation Oncology, Gold Coast University Hospital, Southport, 
Australia.
(11)Department of Radiation Oncology, Central West Cancer Care Centre, Orange, 
Australia.
(12)Wellington Hospital, Clinical Trials Unit, Wellington, New Zealand.
(13)University of Technology Sydney, Centre for Health Economics Research and 
Evaluation, Sydney, Australia.
(14)Independent Patient Contributor, Newcastle, Australia.
(15)Trans-Tasman Radiation Oncology Group, Newcastle, Australia.
(16)Trans-Tasman Radiation Oncology Group, Newcastle, Australia; Newcastle 
Calvary Mater Hospital, Newcastle, Australia.
(17)Faculty of Medicine and Health, UNSW Sydney, Sydney, Australia; Nelune 
Comprehensive Cancer Centre, Prince of Wales Hospital, Sydney, Australia.

AIMS: The aim of TROG 14.04 was to assess the feasibility of deep inspiration 
breath hold (DIBH) and its impact on radiation dose to the heart in patients 
with left-sided breast cancer undergoing radiotherapy. Secondary end points 
pertained to patient anxiety and cost of delivering a DIBH programme.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study comprised two groups - left-sided breast cancer 
patients engaging DIBH and right-sided breast cancer patients using free 
breathing through radiotherapy. The primary end point was the feasibility of 
DIBH, defined as left-sided breast cancer patients' ability to breath hold for 
15 s, decrease in heart dose in DIBH compared with the free breathing treatment 
plan and reproducibility of radiotherapy delivery using mid-lung distance (MLD) 
assessed on electronic portal imaging as the surrogate. The time required for 
treatment delivery, patient-reported outcomes and resource requirement were 
compared between the groups.
RESULTS: Between February and November 2018, 32 left-sided and 30 right-sided 
breast cancer patients from six radiotherapy centres were enrolled. Two 
left-sided breast cancer patients did not undergo DIBH (one treated in free 
breathing as per investigator choice, one withdrawn). The mean heart dose was 
reduced from 2.8 Gy (free breathing) to 1.5 Gy (DIBH). Set-up reproducibility in 
the first week of treatment assessed by MLD was 1.88 ± 1.04 mm (average ± 1 
standard deviation) for DIBH and 1.59 ± 0.93 mm for free breathing patients. 
Using a reproducibility cut-off for MLD of 2 mm (1 standard deviation) as per 
study protocol, DIBH was feasible for 67% of DIBH patients. Radiotherapy 
delivery using DIBH took about 2 min longer than for free breathing. Anxiety was 
not significantly different in DIBH patients and decreased over the course of 
treatment in both groups.
CONCLUSION: Although DIBH was shown to require about 2 min longer per treatment 
slot, it has the potential to reduce heart dose in left-sided breast cancer 
patients by nearly a half, provided careful assessment of breath hold 
reproducibility is carried out.

Copyright © 2022 The Royal College of Radiologists. Published by Elsevier Ltd. 
All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.clon.2022.05.020
PMID: 35717318 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


365. Pract Radiat Oncol. 2022 Jul-Aug;12(4):324-334. doi: 10.1016/j.prro.2022.01.017.

Prone Breast and Lymph Node Irradiation in 5 or 15 Fractions: A Randomized 2 × 2 
Design Comparing Dosimetry, Acute Toxicity, and Set-Up Errors.

Vakaet V(1), Deseyne P(2), Schoepen M(3), Stouthandel M(4), Post G(4), Speleers 
B(4), Van Greveling A(5), Monten C(5), Mareel M(4), Van Hulle H(4), Paelinck 
L(5), De Gersem W(4), De Neve W(4), Vandecasteele K(2), Veldeman L(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Human Structure and Repair, Ghent University Hospital, Ghent, 
Belgium; Department of Radiation Oncology, Ghent University Hospital, Ghent, 
Belgium. Electronic address: vincent.vakaet@ugent.be.
(2)Department of Human Structure and Repair, Ghent University Hospital, Ghent, 
Belgium; Department of Radiation Oncology, Ghent University Hospital, Ghent, 
Belgium.
(3)Department of Human Structure and Repair, Ghent University Hospital, Ghent, 
Belgium; Department of Industrial Systems Engineering and Product Design, 
Kortrijk, Belgium.
(4)Department of Human Structure and Repair, Ghent University Hospital, Ghent, 
Belgium.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Ghent University Hospital, Ghent, Belgium.

PURPOSE: Prone whole breast irradiation results in lower dose to organs at risk 
compared with supine position, especially lung dose. However, the adoption of 
prone position for whole breast irradiation + lymph node irradiation remains 
limited and data on lymph node irradiation in 5 fractions are lacking. Although 
the study was ended prematurely for the primary endpoint (breast retraction at 2 
years), we decided to report acute toxicity for prone and supine positions and 5 
and 15 fractions. Additionally, dosimetry and set-up accuracy between prone and 
supine positions were evaluated.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: A randomized open-label factorial 2 × 2 design was used 
for an acute toxicity comparison between prone and supine positions and 5 and 15 
fractions. The primary endpoint of the trial was breast retraction 2 years after 
treatment. In total, 57 patients were evaluated. Dosimetry and set-up errors 
were compared between prone and supine positions. All patients were positioned 
on either our in -house developed prone crawl breast couch or a Posirest-2 
(Civco).
RESULTS: No difference in acute toxicity between prone and supine positions was 
found, but 5 fractions did result in a lower risk of desquamation (15% vs 41%; 
P = .04). Prone positioning resulted in lower mean ipsilateral lung dose (2.89 
vs 4.89 Gy; P < .001), mean thyroid dose (3.42 vs 6.61 Gy; P = .004), and mean 
contralateral breast dose (0.41 vs 0.54 Gy; P = .007). No significant difference 
in mean heart dose (0.90 vs 1.07 Gy; P = .22) was found. Set-up accuracy was 
similar between both positions.
CONCLUSIONS: Unfortunately, the primary endpoint of the trial was not met due to 
premature closure of the trial. Acceleration in 5 fractions resulted in a lower 
risk of desquamation. Prone positioning did not influence acute toxicity or 
set-up accuracy, but did result in lower ipsilateral mean lung dose, thyroid 
dose, and contralateral breast dose.

Copyright © 2022 American Society for Radiation Oncology. Published by Elsevier 
Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.prro.2022.01.017
PMID: 35717049 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


366. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Intell Neurosci. 2022 Jun 6;2022:8904341. doi: 10.1155/2022/8904341. 
eCollection 2022.

Phase Prediction Study of High-Entropy Energy Alloy Generation Based on Machine 
Learning.

He Z(1), Zhang H(1).

Author information:
(1)School of Mechanical Engineering, Chengdu University, Chengdu 610106, 
Sichuan, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Intell Neurosci. 2022 Dec 20;2022:9845965. doi: 10.1155/2022/9845965.

Traditional energy sources such as fossil fuels can cause environmental 
pollution on the one hand, and on the other hand, there will be a shortage of 
diminishing stocks. Recently, a variety of new energy sources have been proposed 
by scientists, such as nuclear energy, hydrogen energy, wind energy, water 
energy, and solar energy. There are already many technologies for converting and 
storing energy generated from new energy systems, such as various storage 
batteries. One of the keys to the commercialization of these new energy sources 
is to explore new materials. Researchers have performed a lot of research on new 
energy material preparation, mechanical properties, radiation resistance, energy 
storage, etc. However, new energy metal materials are still unable to combine 
radiation resistance, good mechanical properties, excellent energy storage, and 
other characteristics. There is still a lack of breakthrough materials with 
better performance or more stable structure. Recently, researchers have 
discovered that high-entropy alloys have become one of the most promising new 
energy metal materials. Because it not only has high energy storage and high 
strength, but also has high stability and high radiation resistance, and is easy 
to form a simple phase, the prediction of phases in high-entropy energy alloys 
is very critical, and the generation of designed phases in high-entropy energy 
alloys is a very important step. In this study, three machine learning 
algorithms were used to predict the generated phase classification in 
high-entropy alloys, namely, support-vector machine (SVM) model, decision tree 
(DT) model, and random forest (RF) model. The models are optimized by grid 
search methods and cross-validated, and performance was evaluated with the aim 
of significantly improving the accuracy of generative phase prediction, and the 
results show that the random forest algorithm has the best prediction ability, 
reaching 0.93 prediction accuracy. The ROC (receiver operating characteristic) 
curve of the model shows that the random forest algorithm has the best 
classification of solid-solution (SS) phases, where the classification 
probabilities AUC (area under the curve) area for amorphous phase (AM), 
intermetallic phase (IM), and solid-solution phase (SS), respectively, are 0.95, 
0.96, and 1, respectively, , which can predict the generated phases of 
high-entropy energy alloys well.

Copyright © 2022 Zhongping He and Huan Zhang.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/8904341
PMCID: PMC9192227
PMID: 35707197

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest with any financial organizations regarding the material reported in 
this manuscript.


367. Transl Cancer Res. 2022 May;11(5):1440-1444. doi: 10.21037/tcr-21-2109.

Massive prolapsed cervical lumps in cervical cancer treated with 
three-dimensional implant brachytherapy: a case report.

Zhu B(#)(1), Wu Y(#)(1), Huang J(1), He D(1), Li Q(1), Wang H(1), Yang Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Jiangsu Cancer Hospital, The Affiliated 
Cancer Hospital of Nanjing Medical University, Jiangsu Institute of Cancer 
Research, Nanjing, China.
(#)Contributed equally

BACKGROUND: Cervical cancer is one of the most common gynecological malignancies 
in developing countries. But the cervical cancer patients with tumor prolapse 
are very rare. The treatment principle of cervical cancer has been written into 
the guide, while the management of cervical lumps prolapse associated with 
cervical cancer is not standardized. Every doctor has different opinions on 
treatment strategies. Herein, we describe the three-dimensional brachytherapy 
treatment for massive prolapsed cervical lumps.
CASE DESCRIPTION: A 48-year-old woman diagnosed with cervical cancer developed a 
huge cervical mass prolapsed after defecation on the second day of chemotherapy. 
The mass surface was continuously bleeding and unable to return to the vagina. 
Therefore, uterine artery embolization interventional hemostasis was performed 
and then three-dimensional brachytherapy treatment was applied. The mass was 
necrotic and shedding and then retracted into the vagina on the 7th day after 
implantation treatment. Finally, the patient successfully received radical 
radiotherapy [pelvic and abdominal cavity external beam radiotherapy-PCTV 50.4 
Gy/28 F, pelvic metastatic lymph nodes PGTVn 61.0 Gy/28 F, plus vaginal 
three-dimensional brachytherapy-HRCTV (D90) 27.25 Gy/4 F].
CONCLUSIONS: If cervical cancer combined with tumor prolapse is inoperable, 
three-dimensional implants brachytherapy seems to be an adequate therapeutic 
option.

2022 Translational Cancer Research. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.21037/tcr-21-2109
PMCID: PMC9189239
PMID: 35706782

Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: All authors have 
completed the ICMJE uniform disclosure form (available at 
https://tcr.amegroups.com/article/view/10.21037/tcr-21-2109/coif). The authors 
have no conflicts of interest to declare.


368. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Appl Bionics Biomech. 2022 Jun 6;2022:2731744. doi: 10.1155/2022/2731744. 
eCollection 2022.

The Combined Clinical Efficacy and Safety Analysis of Adoptive Immunotherapy 
with Radiotherapy and Chemotherapy in Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer: Systematic 
Review and Meta-Analysis.

Fan Z(1), He H(1), Chen L(1).

Author information:
(1)Departments of Oncology, The First Naval Hospital of Southern Theater of 
People's Liberation Army, Zhanjiang, Guangdong, China.

Retraction in
    Appl Bionics Biomech. 2023 Oct 4;2023:9873947. doi: 10.1155/2023/9873947.

OBJECTIVE: To explore the differential efficacy of chemoradiotherapy combined 
with adoptive immunotherapy and radiochemotherapy alone in patients with 
non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
METHODS: Qualified randomized controlled trial (randomized controlled trial, 
RCT), or nonrandomized concurrent controlled trial (NRCCT), published in various 
databases, including PubMed, EMBASE, Chinese journal full-text database, 
Medline, Cochrane database, and VIP Chinese database, and the Revman5. 0 
software performed the data analysis.
RESULTS: We found the significantly different curative effect between the 
experimental and control groups (OR = 1.94, 95% CI (1.46, 2.58), P < 0.001, I 2 
= 0%, Z = 4.59), effect of adoptive immunotherapy on the progression of disease 
(OR = 1.80, 95% CI (1.38, 2.35), P < 0.001, I 2 = 0%, Z = 4.33), adoptive 
immunotherapy on overall survival (OR = 2.19, 95% CI (1.60, 2.99), P < 0.001, I 
2 = 0%, Z = 4.91), and adverse effects of adoptive immunotherapy (OR = 1.76, 95% 
CI (1.25, 2.48), P = 0.001, I 2 = 0%, Z = 3.26).
CONCLUSION: Adoptive immunotherapy combined with microradiotherapy can decrease 
the recurrence of NSCLC and improve patient survival, as well as early patients 
can be benefited more significantly from immunotherapy.

Copyright © 2022 Zhiming Fan et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2731744
PMCID: PMC9192301
PMID: 35706510

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


369. RETRACTED ARTICLE

BMC Complement Med Ther. 2022 Jun 13;22(1):158. doi: 10.1186/s12906-022-03629-7.

Suppression of NF-κB signaling by ECN in an arthritic model of inflammation.

Khan A(#)(1), Zhang L(#)(2), Li CH(#)(3), Khan AU(1)(4), Shal B(1), Khan A(1), 
Ahmad S(5), Din FU(6), Rehman ZU(7), Wang F(8), Khan S(9).

Author information:
(1)Pharmacological Sciences Research Lab, Department of Pharmacy, Faculty of 
Biological Sciences, Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad, Pakistan.
(2)Department of Medical Oncology, Cancer Center, West China Hospital, West 
China Medical School, Sichuan University, Sichuan, People's Republic of China.
(3)Division of Radiation Physics, Cancer Center, West China Hospital, Sichuan 
University, Chengdu, 610041, Sichuan, China.
(4)Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Abasyn University, Peshawar, KPK, 
Pakistan.
(5)Department of Health and Biological Sciences, Abasyn University, Peshawar, 
25000, Pakistan.
(6)Department of Pharmacy, Faculty of Biological Sciences, Quad-i-Azam 
University, Islamabad, Pakistan.
(7)Department of Chemistry, Quaid-I-Azam University, Islamabad, 45320, Pakistan.
(8)Department of Medical Oncology, Cancer Center, West China Hospital, West 
China Medical School, Sichuan University, Sichuan, People's Republic of China. 
wangfeng5024@126.com.
(9)Pharmacological Sciences Research Lab, Department of Pharmacy, Faculty of 
Biological Sciences, Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad, Pakistan. 
skhan@qau.edu.pk.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    BMC Complement Med Ther. 2023 Apr 20;23(1):127. doi: 
10.1186/s12906-023-03954-5.

BACKGROUND: The 
7β-(3-ethyl-cis-crotonoyloxy)-1α-(2-methylbutyryloxy)-3,14-dehydro-Z-notonipetranone 
(ECN), a sesquiterpenoid isolated from the Tussilago farfara Linneaus 
(Asteraceae), was evaluated against acute Carrageenan and chronic complete 
Freund's adjuvant (CFA)-induced arthritis in mice.
METHODS: Acute and chronic arthritis were induced by administering Carrageenan 
and CFA to the intraplantar surface of the mouse paw. Edema, mechanical 
allodynia, mechanical hyperalgesia, and thermal hyperalgesia were assessed in 
the paw. Similarly, histological and immunohistological parameters were assessed 
following arthritis induced by CFA. Antioxidants, inflammatory cytokines, and 
oxidative stress markers were also studied in all the treated groups.
RESULTS: The ECN treatment significantly attenuated edema in the paw and 
elevated the nocifensive threshold following induction of this inflammatory 
model. Furthermore, ECN treatment markedly improved the arthritis index and 
distress symptoms, while attenuating the CFA-induced edema in the paw. ECN 
treatment also improved the histological parameters in the paw tissue compared 
to the control. At the same time, there was a significant reduction in edema and 
erosion in the ECN-treated group, as measured by radiographic analysis. Using 
the Comet's assay, we showed that ECN treatment protected the DNA from chronic 
CFA-induced arthritis. Immunohistochemistry analysis showed a marked decrease in 
the expression level of p-JNK (phosphorylated C-Jun N-terminal kinase), NF-κB 
(Nuclear factor-kappa B), COX-2 (Cyclooxygenase-2), and TNF-α (Tumour necrosis 
factor-alpha) compared to the CFA-treated group. Biophysical analysis involving 
molecular docking, molecular dynamics simulations, and binding free energies of 
ECN were performed to explore the underlying mechanism.
CONCLUSION: ECN exhibited significant anti-inflammatory and anti-arthritic 
activity against Carrageenan and CFA-induced models.

© 2022. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1186/s12906-022-03629-7
PMCID: PMC9195475
PMID: 35698107 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The author declares no conflict of interest.


370. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2022 Jun 1;2022:9266178. doi: 10.1155/2022/9266178. 
eCollection 2022.

Protective Effects of Amauroderma rugosum on Doxorubicin-Induced Cardiotoxicity 
through Suppressing Oxidative Stress, Mitochondrial Dysfunction, Apoptosis, and 
Activating Akt/mTOR and Nrf2/HO-1 Signaling Pathways.

Li J(1)(2), Cheng Y(3), Li R(1), Wu X(1), Zheng C(1), Shiu PH(1), Chan JC(1), 
Rangsinth P(1), Liu C(1), Leung SW(1), Lee SM(4), Zhang C(3), Fu C(3), Zhang 
J(3), Cheung TM(5), Leung GP(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pharmacology and Pharmacy, Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, The 
University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, China.
(2)Department of Rehabilitation Sciences, Faculty of Health and Social Sciences, 
Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hong Kong SAR, China.
(3)State Key Laboratory of Southwestern Chinese Medicine Resources, School of 
Pharmacy, Chengdu University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Chengdu, China.
(4)State Key Laboratory of Quality Research in Chinese Medicine and Institute of 
Chinese Medical Sciences, University of Macau, Macao SAR, China.
(5)Tian Ran Healthcare Limited, Hong Kong, China.

Retraction in
    Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2023 Dec 29;2023:9861059. doi: 10.1155/2023/9861059.

Clinical outcomes for doxorubicin (Dox) are limited by its cardiotoxicity but a 
combination of Dox and agents with cardioprotective activities is an effective 
strategy to improve its therapeutic outcome. Natural products provide abundant 
resources to search for novel cardioprotective agents. Ganoderma lucidum (GL) is 
the most well-known edible mushroom within the Ganodermataceae family. It is 
commonly used in traditional Chinese medicine or as a healthcare product. 
Amauroderma rugosum (AR) is another genus of mushroom from the Ganodermataceae 
family, but its pharmacological activity and medicinal value have rarely been 
reported. In the present study, the cardioprotective effects of the AR water 
extract against Dox-induced cardiotoxicity were studied in vitro and in vivo. 
Results showed that both the AR and GL extracts could potentiate the anticancer 
effect of Dox. The AR extract significantly decreased the oxidative stress, 
mitochondrial dysfunction, and apoptosis seen in Dox-treated H9c2 rat 
cardiomyocytes. However, knockdown of Nrf2 by siRNA abolished the protective 
effects of AR in these cells. In addition, Dox upregulated the expression of 
proapoptotic proteins and downregulated the Akt/mTOR and Nrf2/HO-1 signaling 
pathways, and these effects could be reversed by the AR extract. Consistently, 
the AR extract significantly prolonged survival time, reversed weight loss, and 
reduced cardiac dysfunction in Dox-treated mice. In addition, oxidative stress 
and apoptosis were suppressed, while Nrf2 and HO-1 expressions were elevated in 
the heart tissues of Dox-treated mice after treatment with the AR extract. 
However, the GL extract had less cardioprotective effect against Dox in both the 
cell and animal models. In conclusion, the AR water extract demonstrated a 
remarkable cardioprotective effect against Dox-induced cardiotoxicity. One of 
the possible mechanisms for this effect was the upregulation of the mTOR/Akt and 
Nrf2/HO-1-dependent pathways, which may reduce oxidative stress, mitochondrial 
dysfunction, and cardiomyocyte apoptosis. These findings suggested that AR may 
be beneficial for the heart, especially in patients receiving Dox-based 
chemotherapy.

Copyright © 2022 Jingjing Li et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9266178
PMCID: PMC9177334
PMID: 35693699 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


371. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 Jun 3;2022:2338622. doi: 
10.1155/2022/2338622. eCollection 2022.

Effectiveness of Proanthocyanidin plus Trimetazidine in the Treatment of 
Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer with Radiation Heart Injury.

Yin H(1), Zhao Y(2), Sun Y(1), Liu J(1), Han Y(1), Dai Z(1).

Author information:
(1)Ward I, Department of Cardiovascular Medicine, Cangzhou People's Hospital, 
Cangzhou, China.
(2)Department II of Radiotherapy, Cangzhou Central Hospital, Cangzhou, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Dec 13;2023:9763418. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9763418.

This study was intended to explore the effect of proanthocyanidin (PC) combined 
with trimetazidine in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with radiation-induced 
heart damage (RIHD). It was a prospective randomized controlled study that 86 
NSCLC patients with radiation treatment in Cangzhou People's Hospital from 
January 2019 and June 2021 were enrolled and randomized to either the control 
group or the study group via the random table method, 43 cases in each group. 
The control group received trimetazidine, and the study group additionally 
received PC. The incidence of RIHD-related clinical manifestation, RIHD-related 
ECG, and RIHD-related cardiac ultrasound change were all lower in the study 
group. After radiotherapy, the serum level of superoxide dismutase (SOD) was 
higher, and malondialdehyde (MDA) was lower in the study group when compared 
with the control group. After radiotherapy, the serum levels of brain 
natriuretic peptide (BNP), cardiac troponin (cTnT), creatine kinase (CK), and 
creatine kinase isoenzymes (CKMB) were all lower in the study group when 
compared with the control group. The efficacy of PC plus trimetazidine for NSCLC 
with RIHD is superior to trimetazidine alone, and it significantly mitigates 
radiation-induced inflammatory response and oxidative stress.

Copyright © 2022 Hang Yin et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2338622
PMCID: PMC9187471
PMID: 35692580

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


372. Ann Plast Surg. 2022 Jun 1;88(5 Suppl 5):S427-S432. doi: 
10.1097/SAP.0000000000003161.

The Impact of Tissue Expander Nipple Asymmetry on Final Implant Symmetry After 
Bilateral Nipple Sparing Mastectomy.

Nores GG(1), Carlson GW.

Author information:
(1)From the Division of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery.

BACKGROUND: Asymmetry of nipple position is common in the female population and 
very difficult to correct after nipple sparing mastectomy (NSM). There are scant 
data on the impact of tissue expander (TE) nipple asymmetry on final implant 
nipple symmetry after bilateral NSM.
METHODS: A retrospective review of an institutional review board-approved 
prospective database of NSM and immediate 2-stage implant reconstruction between 
June 2014 and December 2019 was performed. BCCT.core software was used to 
examine TE and final implant nipple asymmetry as well as relative breast implant 
position. Horizontal and/or vertical asymmetry and breast retraction assessment 
(BRA) were evaluated. Moderate asymmetry was defined as ≥1 cm and severe 
asymmetry as ≥2 cm. Lower breast contour ≥1 cm defined implant malposition.
RESULTS: Twenty-three patients met the inclusion criteria. Linear regression 
analysis showed a significant relationship between TE BRA and final BRA (R2 = 
0.2321, P = 0.02) with a mean TE BRA of 2.04 and a mean final BRA of 1.53 (P = 
0.05). Tissue expander nipple asymmetry was predictive of final BRA score: no TE 
asymmetry, 0.87, versus TE nipple asymmetry, 1.67 (P = 0.02). Tissue expander 
lower breast contour ≥1 cm occurred in 8 patients (36.4%) and was associated 
with implant nipple asymmetry in 7 (87.5%). The second stage of reconstruction 
significantly improved the nipple asymmetry in those with TE malposition (TE 
BRA, 2.34, vs final BRA, 1.67; P = 0.05). Two patients who received radiation 
had increased BRA scores (radiation, 2.14, vs no radiation, 1.47; P = 0.004).
CONCLUSIONS: Tissue expander nipple asymmetry as measured by BRA score or nipple 
asymmetry was predictive of final nipple symmetry. The second stage of TE 
reconstruction improves the nipple asymmetry. Final implant exchange can allow 
for pocket and implant manipulation, improving nipple symmetry. Radiation 
therapy to TE reconstruction has a negative impact on nipple symmetry after the 
final stage.

Copyright © 2022 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1097/SAP.0000000000003161
PMID: 35690938 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of interest and sources of funding: 
none declared.


373. Ann Plast Surg. 2022 Jun 1;88(5 Suppl 5):S422-S426. doi: 
10.1097/SAP.0000000000003162.

Symmetry of Nipple Position After Bilateral Nipple-Sparing Mastectomy and 
Implant-Based Reconstruction: The Impact of Reconstructive Method.

Mercury O(1), Nores GG, Carlson GW.

Author information:
(1)From the Division of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Emory University 
School of Medicine, Atlanta GA.

PURPOSE: Asymmetry of nipple position is common in the female population. There 
are scant data on the impact of bilateral nipple-sparing mastectomy (NSM) and 
immediate implant-based reconstruction on nipple asymmetry.
METHODS: A retrospective review was performed of an institutional review board 
approved prospective database of NSM and immediate implant-based reconstruction 
was performed. BCCT.core software was used to examine preoperative and 
postoperative nipple asymmetry. It directly calculates the quantitative 
differences in nipple position between the breasts expressed as breast 
retraction assessment (BRA). Nipple to sternal notch (N-SN) asymmetry was 
calculated from the collected data.
RESULTS: Sixty-eight patients undergoing bilateral NSM and implant 
reconstruction were reviewed. Reconstructive methods were tissue expander (TE) 
39 (57.4%) and direct to implant (DTI) (prepectoral 13, submuscular 16) 29 
(42.6%). The TE group had greater body mass index (BMI) (23.5 vs 22.1, P = 
0.02), mastectomy weight (390.7 vs 243.8, P = 0.001) and higher preoperative 
N-SN asymmetry (TE 0.89 vs DTI 0.59, P = 0.02). Ten patients received radiation 
(TE group 4, DTI group 6). The TE group had larger implant size (479.1 vs 375.0, 
P = 0.0001). Overall, TE reconstruction resulted in an increase in nipple 
asymmetry (mean BRA: preoperative, 1.50 vs postoperative, 1.65), which was not 
significant. Direct to implant reconstruction increased nipple asymmetry: mean 
N-SN asymmetry preoperative 0.59 versus postoperative 0.97 (P = 0.04) and mean 
BRA scores 1.40 and 1.82 (P = 0.06). Both implant locations in the DTI group 
resulted in an increase in postoperative asymmetry but was significant for the 
prepectoral group: mean BRA preoperative 1.19 versus postoperative 1.85, P = 
0.02 and mean N-SN asymmetry preoperative 0.48 vs postoperative 0.94, P = 0.04. 
Radiation impacted the final mean BRA score: radiation 2.24 versus no radiation 
1.63 (P = 0.05).
CONCLUSIONS: Patients who underwent TE reconstruction had significantly larger 
breasts and greater preoperative N-SN asymmetry than the DTI group. Despite 
this, the TE group resulted in mild increase in nipple asymmetry. Both implant 
locations in DTI reconstruction resulted in increased postoperative asymmetry 
but was significant for the prepectoral group. Radiation therapy has a 
significant impact of nipple asymmetry.

Copyright © 2022 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1097/SAP.0000000000003162
PMID: 35690937 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of interest and sources of funding: 
none declared.


374. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Pharmacother. 2022 Aug;152:113213. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2022.113213. 
Epub 2022 Jun 7.

RETRACTED: Corrigendum to "mPEG-b-P(Glu-co-Phe) nanoparticles increase gastric 
retention time and gastric ulcer treatment efficacy of 20(S)-ginsenoside Rg3" 
[Biomed. Pharmacother. 146 (2022) 112608].

Cao L(1), Wang S(2), Zhang L(3), Li J(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pathology, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, Changchun 
No. 218 Ziqiang Street, Jilin, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun No. 218 Ziqiang Street, Jilin, China.
(3)Department of General Surgery, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun No. 218 Ziqiang Street, Jilin, China.
(4)Department of General Surgery, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun No. 218 Ziqiang Street, Jilin, China. Electronic address: 
jnli@ciac.ac.cn.

Retraction in
    Biomed Pharmacother. 2023 Apr;160:114280. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2023.114280.

Erratum for
    Biomed Pharmacother. 2022 Feb;146:112608. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2021.112608.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal (http://www.elsevier.com/locate/withdrawalpolicy). This correction 
has been retracted at the request of the Editors as it has been superseded by 
the retraction of the article it was intended to correct.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biopha.2022.113213
PMID: 35688754


375. Mol Med Rep. 2022 Aug;26(2):252. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2022.12768. Epub 2022 Jun 10.

[Retracted] MicroRNA‑454 inhibits non‑small cell lung cancer cells growth and 
metastasis via targeting signal transducer and activator of transcription‑3.

Liu S(1), Ge X(2), Su L(2), Zhang A(3), Mou X(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Yantaishan Hospital, Yantai, Shandong 264001, 
P.R. China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy and 3Outpatient, Yantaishan Hospital, Yantai, 
Shandong 264001, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Outpatient, Yantaishan Hospital, Yantai, Shandong 264001, P.R. 
China.

Retraction of
    Mol Med Rep. 2018 Mar;17(3):3979-3986. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2017.8350.

Following the publication of this paper, it was drawn to the Editors' attention 
by a concerned reader that certain of the cell migration and invasion assay data 
shown in Figs. 2C and 4D were strikingly similar to data appearing in different 
form in other articles by different authors. Owing to the fact that the 
contentious data in the above article had already been published elsewhere, or 
were already under consideration for publication, prior to its submission to 
Molecular Medicine Reports, the Editor has decided that this paper should be 
retracted from the Journal. The authors were asked for an explanation to account 
for these concerns, but the Editorial Office did not receive a reply. The Editor 
apologizes to the readership for any inconvenience caused. [Molecular Medicine 
Reports 17: 3979‑3986, 2018; DOI: 10.3892/mmr.2017.8350].

DOI: 10.3892/mmr.2022.12768
PMCID: PMC9218730
PMID: 35686560


376. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Appl Bionics Biomech. 2022 May 31;2022:9268206. doi: 10.1155/2022/9268206. 
eCollection 2022.

Bioinformatics Analysis for Identifying Differentially Expressed MicroRNAs 
Derived from Plasma Exosomes Associated with Radiotherapy Resistance in 
Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.

Zeng L(1), Zeng G(2), Ye Z(1).

Author information:
(1)Chengdu Railway Health School, Chengdu, China.
(2)Chengdu Fifth People's Hospital, Chengdu, China.

Retraction in
    Appl Bionics Biomech. 2023 Nov 29;2023:9873841. doi: 10.1155/2023/9873841.

OBJECTIVE: To explore the differentially expressed microRNAs (DEmiRs) derived 
from plasma exosomes related to radiotherapy resistance and their corresponding 
pathways in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
METHODS: Plasma samples from NSCLC patients were retrieved and analyzed. The 
patients were divided into 3 groups based on the tumor regression grade 
criteria, assessed by radiological imaging after radiotherapy. TRG1 referred to 
tumor shrinkage of ≤30% after radiotherapy, TRG2 as 30% < TRG < 50%, and TRG3 as 
TRG ≥ 50%. High-throughput sequencing and bioinformatics analysis were used to 
compare the DEmiRs between the three groups. The miRanda, PITA, and RNAhybrid 
software were used to identify potential target genes of the DEmiRs. GO function 
enrichment and KEGG pathway enrichment analyses were performed on the target 
gene set.
RESULTS: There were 24 DEmiRs (12 were upregulated and 12 downregulated) between 
the TRG1 and TRG2 groups, 11 between the TRG1 and TRG3 groups (6 upregulated and 
5 downregulated), and 35 between the TRG2 and TRG3 groups. The common DEmiRs 
between the three groups were miR-92a-3p. GO analysis showed that the target 
genes of the DEmiRs were mainly enriched in unicellular organism processes, cell 
transformation, cell localization, and their establishment. KEGG enrichment 
analysis showed that target genes were significantly enriched in the Ras 
signaling pathway and associated with endocytosis. Among the 135 identified 
target genes of miR-92a-3p, 4 were involved in the PI3K-Akt signaling pathway 
(the downstream pathway of the Ras gene) and 3 in the cAMP signaling pathway 
(the upstream pathway of the Ras gene). Further, 2 other target genes were 
involved in the Rap1 signaling pathway (the upstream pathway of PI3K-Akt).
CONCLUSION: By assessing the expression and functional profile of DEmiRs in the 
plasma exosomes of NSCLC patients after radiotherapy, miR-92a-3p was identified 
as a promising target affecting radiotherapy outcomes through the Ras signaling 
pathway.

Copyright © 2022 Lirong Zeng et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9268206
PMCID: PMC9173951
PMID: 35685351

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


377. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Scanning. 2022 May 25;2022:7348978. doi: 10.1155/2022/7348978. eCollection 2022.

Observation on the Effect of MRI Image Scanning on Knee Pain in Football Injury.

Yu W(1).

Author information:
(1)College of Physical Education, Fuyang Normal University, Fuyang, Anhui 
236037, China.

Retraction in
    Scanning. 2023 Dec 13;2023:9760450. doi: 10.1155/2023/9760450.

To study the effect of football injury on knee pain based on MRI image scanning, 
in this paper, a total of 31 knee injuries of 29 male professional football 
players from December 2012 to April 2015 were used as the experimental group. 
The players were 23.6 ± 3.5 years old and received professional football 
training time 15.3 ± 3.6 years; 31 outpatients of the same age group with acute 
knee joint acute injury were randomly selected as the control group; both groups 
were imaged with a 1.5 TMR scanner and knee joint standard array coil imaging, 
and 2 senior radiation surgeons evaluate knee cartilage, meniscus, ligaments, 
tendons, bone marrow, infrapatellar fat pad, and joint effusions. Pearson's 
chi-squared test and nonparametric test for two independent samples were used 
for statistical testing of the evaluation results. The experimental results 
showed that there were significant differences in the incidence of articular 
cartilage, lateral collateral ligament, tendon or ligament injury, multiligament 
or tendon injury, and bone marrow edema between the two groups (P < 0.05). There 
was no significant difference in the incidence of medial collateral ligament 
injury, infrapatellar fat pad edema, and joint effusion. MRI shows that knee 
injuries in male professional football players often involve ligaments or 
tendons, mostly multiligament or tendon injuries. The lesions of articular 
cartilage and meniscus are more common and serious, and bone marrow edema is 
also more common in football injuries. MRI has high diagnostic accuracy for 
various clinical knee injuries, and it belongs to a noninvasive examination 
method. It can not only reflect the pathological changes and changes of the knee 
joints of patients but also provide information for the formulation of clinical 
programs and the judgment of prognosis, for timely, accurate, and comprehensive 
imaging reference.

Copyright © 2022 Weidong Yu.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/7348978
PMCID: PMC9159822
PMID: 35677463 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The author declares that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


378. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Appl Bionics Biomech. 2022 May 30;2022:6149884. doi: 10.1155/2022/6149884. 
eCollection 2022.

Establishment of a Risk Prediction Model for Pulmonary Infection in Patients 
with Advanced Cancer.

Yang L(1)(2), Xu X(2), Liu Q(2).

Author information:
(1)School of Clinical Medicine, Beijing University of Chinese Medicine, Beijing 
100029, China.
(2)Department of Critical Care Medicine, Beijing Hospital of Traditional Chinese 
Medicine, Capital Medical University, Beijing 100010, China.

Retraction in
    Appl Bionics Biomech. 2023 Aug 16;2023:9802701. doi: 10.1155/2023/9802701.

OBJECTIVE: Based on clinical data, the risk prediction model of pulmonary 
infection in patients with advanced cancer was established to predict the risk 
of pulmonary infection in patients with advanced cancer, and intervention 
measures were given in advance.
METHODS: The clinical data of 2755 patients were divided into infection group 
and control group according to whether they were complicated with lung 
infection. 1609 patients' data from January 2016 to December 2018 served as the 
training set, and 1166 patients' data from January 2019 to December 2020 served 
as the testing set. Demographics, whether the primary cancer was lung cancer, 
lung metastasis, the pathological classification of lung cancer patients, the 
number of metastases, history of surgery, history of chemotherapy, history of 
radiotherapy, history of central venous catheterization, history of 
hypertension, diabetes, and whether with myelosuppression were recorded. The 
presence of concurrent pulmonary infection was recorded and defined as the 
primary outcome variable. Stepwise forward algorithms were applied to 
informative predictors based on Akaike's information criterion. Multivariable 
logistic regression analysis was used to develop the nomogram. An independent 
testing dataset was used to validate the nomogram. Receiver-operating 
characteristic curves and the Hosmer-Lemeshow test were used to assess model 
performance.
RESULTS: The sample included 2755 patients with advanced cancer. An 
independently validated dataset included 1166 patients with advanced cancer. In 
the training dataset, gender, age, lung cancer as primary cancer, the 
pathological classification of lung cancer patients, history of chemotherapy, 
history of radiation therapy, history of surgery, the number of metastases, 
presence of central venous catheterization, and myelosuppression were identified 
as predictors and assembled into the nomogram. The area under curve demonstrated 
adequate discrimination in the validation dataset (0.77; 95% confidence 
interval, 0.74 to 0.79). The nomogram was well calibrated, with a 
Hosmer-Lemeshow χ 2 statistic of 12.4 (P = 0.26) in the testing dataset.
CONCLUSIONS: The present study has proposed an effective nomogram with potential 
application in facilitating the individualized prediction of risk of pulmonary 
infection in patients with advanced cancer.

Copyright © 2022 Liangliang Yang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/6149884
PMCID: PMC9170436
PMID: 35677196

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


379. Childs Nerv Syst. 2023 Sep;39(9):2353-2365. doi: 10.1007/s00381-022-05561-0. 
Epub 2022 Jun 3.

Neuroendoscopy in the management of pineal region tumours in children.

Deopujari C(1), Shroff K(2), Karmarkar V(2), Mohanty C(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Bombay Hospital Institute of Medical Sciences, 
New Marine Lines, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 400020. 
d.chandrashekhar11@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Bombay Hospital Institute of Medical Sciences, 
New Marine Lines, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India, 400020.

INTRODUCTION: Pineal region tumours (PRTs) are more common in children and 
represent a wide variety of lesions. The practise of a radiation test dose is 
obsolete and a biochemical/histological diagnosis is recommended before further 
therapy. Many patients present with hydrocephalus. Advances in neuroendoscopic 
techniques have allowed safe and effective management of this obstructive 
hydrocephalus with an opportunity to sample cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and obtain 
tissue for histopathology. Definitive surgery is required in less than a third. 
Endoscopic visualisation and assistance is increasingly used for radical 
resection, where indicated.
METHODOLOGY: Our experience of endoscopic surgery for paediatric PRTs from 2002 
to 2021 is presented. All patients underwent MRI with contrast. Serum tumour 
markers were checked. If negative, endoscopic biopsy and endoscopic third 
ventriculostomy (ETV) were performed; and CSF collected for tumour markers and 
abnormal cells. For radical surgery, endoscope-assisted microsurgery procedures 
were performed to minimise retraction, visualise the extent of resection and 
confirm haemostasis.
RESULTS: M:F ratio was 2:1. The median age of presentation was 11 years. Raised 
ICP (88.88%) was the commonest mode of presentation. Nineteen patients had 
pineal tumours, one had a suprasellar and pineal tumour, one had disseminated 
disease, while six had tectal tumours. The ETB diagnosis rate was 95.45%, 
accuracy rate was 83.3% and ETV success rate was 86.96%.
CONCLUSION: Neuroendoscopy has revolutionised the management of paediatric PRTs. 
It is a safe and effective procedure with good diagnostic yield and allows 
successful concurrent CSF diversion, thereby avoiding major surgeries and shunt 
implantation. It is also helpful in radical resection of lesions, where 
indicated.

© 2022. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, 
part of Springer Nature.

DOI: 10.1007/s00381-022-05561-0
PMID: 35665837 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


380. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2022 May 25;2022:3032087. doi: 
10.1155/2022/3032087. eCollection 2022.

Clinical Efficacy of Osimertinib in Patients with Advanced Non-Small Cell Lung 
Cancer and Its Effect on Serum CEA and VEGF Expression.

Wang H(1), Zhou X(2), Wang Z(3), Lu T(4), Li B(5), Jiang S(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Jiangxi Cancer Hospital of Nanchang 
University, Nanchang 330029, China.
(2)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Medical College of Nanchang University, 
Nanchang 330006, China.
(3)Department of Clinical Medicine, Jiangxi Health Vocational College of China, 
Nanchang, Jiangxi, China.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Jiangxi Cancer Hospital of Nanchang 
University, Nanchang 330029, China.
(5)Guangdong Provincial Key Laboratory of Orthopedics and Traumatology, 
Orthopaedic Research Institute/Department of Spinal Surgery, The First 
Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou 510080, China.
(6)Division of Thoracic and Endocrine Surgery, University Hospitals and 
University of Geneva, Geneva 1211, Geneva 4, Switzerland.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Dec 13;2023:9820926. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9820926.

OBJECTIVE: To assess the clinical efficacy of osimertinib in patients with 
advanced non-small cell lung cancer and its effect on serum carcinoembryonic 
antigen (CEA) and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) expression.
METHODS: Between July 2018 and January 2020, 80 patients with advanced non-small 
cell lung cancer were assessed for eligibility and recruited. The patients were 
assigned at a ratio of 1 : 1 to receive either the PC regimen 
(pemetrexed + cisplatin) (conventional group) or osimertinib (experimental 
group). The primary endpoint was the clinical efficacy, and the secondary 
endpoints were the adverse events, expression of serum CEA and VEGF, and 2-year 
survival.
RESULTS: Osimertinib was associated with a significantly higher response rate 
and disease control rate versus pemetrexed plus cisplatin (P < 0.05). 
Osimertinib resulted in a significantly lower incidence of adverse events versus 
the PC regimen (P < 0.05). Patients given osimertinib had significantly lower 
levels of CEA and VEGF versus those given pemetrexed plus cisplatin (P < 0.05). 
Osimertinib was associated with a significantly higher 1-year and 2-year 
survival rate versus pemetrexed plus cisplatin.
CONCLUSION: Osimertinib could inhibit the expression of serum CEA and VEGF in 
patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer and reduce the adverse events 
with significant efficacy, so it is worthy of clinical promotion and 
application.

Copyright © 2022 Huanyuan Wang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/3032087
PMCID: PMC9159882
PMID: 35664943

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


381. Radiol Case Rep. 2022 May 29;17(8):2652-2656. doi: 10.1016/j.radcr.2022.04.055. 
eCollection 2022 Aug.

Pulmonary artery-bronchus fistula treated with coil embolization.

Newcomer J(1), Weber J(2), Galuppo R(2), Gabriel G(2), Diab C(2).

Author information:
(1)University of Kentucky College of Medicine, Lexington, KY, 40506, USA.
(2)Division of Vascular and Interventional Radiology, Department of Radiology, 
University of Kentucky College of Medicine, Lexington, KY, 40506, USA.

Bronchopulmonary arterial fistula consists of an abnormal connection between the 
bronchus and the vascular tree and is a rare but serious complication associated 
with a variety of lung interventions. We present a case of a 61-year-old female 
with a history of metastatic breast cancer treated with lumpectomy and radiation 
20 years prior, who was found to have a fistula between the right pulmonary 
artery and the right mainstem bronchus. Our patient was treated endovascularly 
with coil embolization in the setting of massive hemoptysis flooding the 
trachea, which was successful in controlling the acute bleed, although care was 
withdrawn in the following days following a discussion with the family given the 
presence of advanced metastatic disease. This case illustrates the use of 
endovascular techniques to treat an actively bleeding bronchopulmonary arterial 
fistulae, including a review of the existing literature regarding the optimal 
endovascular management strategy. Although our patient did not achieve the best 
outcome, endovascular intervention with stent-placement or embolization can 
serve to temporarily halt blood flow through the fistula, stabilizing the 
patient and allowing for more radical therapy after improvement.

© 2022 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of University of 
Washington.

DOI: 10.1016/j.radcr.2022.04.055
PMCID: PMC9160411
PMID: 35663813


382. Free Radic Biol Med. 2022 Jul;187:204. doi: 10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2022.05.021. 
Epub 2022 May 31.

Retraction notice to "Inhibition of CaMKII in mitochondria preserves endothelial 
barrier function after irradiation" [Free Radic. Biol. Med. 146C (2020) 
287-298].

Roy SJ(1), Koval OM(1), Sebag SC(1), Ait-Aissa K(1), Allen BG(2), Spitz DR(2), 
Grumbach IM(3).

Author information:
(1)Abboud Cardiovascular Research Center, Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, 
Department of Internal Medicine, 169 Newton Rd, 4336 PBDB, University of Iowa, 
Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA.
(2)Free Radical and Radiation Biology Program, Department of Radiation Oncology, 
Holden Comprehensive Cancer Center, B180 Medical Laboratories, University of 
Iowa, Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA.
(3)Abboud Cardiovascular Research Center, Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, 
Department of Internal Medicine, 169 Newton Rd, 4336 PBDB, University of Iowa, 
Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA; Free Radical and Radiation Biology Program, 
Department of Radiation Oncology, Holden Comprehensive Cancer Center, B180 
Medical Laboratories, University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA; Veterans 
Affairs Health Care System, 601 Hwy 6 West, Iowa City, IA, 52246, USA. 
Electronic address: isabella-grumbach@uiowa.edu.

Retraction of
    Free Radic Biol Med. 2020 Jan;146:287-298. doi: 
10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2019.11.012.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal (http://www.elsevier.com/locate/withdrawalpolicy). This article has 
been retracted at the request of the Authors and Editor-in-Chief. Some of the 
data presented in Figure 6C, F and G of the above-titled paper were reported 
incorrectly in the published article. After being contacted by the Journal, the 
authors discovered an unintentional error in how the original data were analyzed 
that could affect the accuracy of the subsequent analysis. The raw data were 
incorrectly grouped in the analysis software, thereby altering the comparisons. 
Therefore the authors wish to retract the paper and will recollect and reanalyze 
the data appropriately. The authors apologize for any inconvenience.

Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2022.05.021
PMCID: PMC9302445
PMID: 35662482


383. BMC Oral Health. 2022 Jun 5;22(1):221. doi: 10.1186/s12903-022-02251-w.

The influence of two photobiomodulation protocols on orthodontically induced 
inflammatory root resorption (a randomized controlled clinical trial).

Eid FY(1), El-Kenany WA(2), Mowafy MI(2), El-Kalza AR(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Orthodontics, Faculty of Dentistry, Alexandria University, 
Champolion Street, Azarita, Alexandria, Egypt. farahyousry66@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Orthodontics, Faculty of Dentistry, Alexandria University, 
Champolion Street, Azarita, Alexandria, Egypt.

BACKGROUND: Controversial results have been reported regarding the impact of 
photobiomodulation (PBM) on orthodontically induced inflammatory root resorption 
(OIIRR). The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of two PBM 
protocols, one of them requiring a high application frequency (on days 0, 3, 7, 
14, then every 2 weeks), while the second requires less frequent applications 
(every 3 weeks), on OIIRR accompanying orthodontic treatment.
METHODS: Twenty female patients were recruited for this randomized controlled 
trial, requiring the therapeutic extraction of maxillary first premolars, and 
they were randomly divided into 2 equal groups. In Group A, one side of the 
maxillary arch randomly received PBM on days 0, 3, 7, 14, and every 2 weeks 
thereafter, while in Group B, one side was randomly chosen to receive PBM every 
3 weeks. The laser applied was a Diode laser with a wavelength of 980 nm, in a 
continuous mode. Canine retraction in both groups was carried out using 
closed-coil springs, delivering 150 g of force, and the force level was checked 
every 3 weeks, over a 12-week study period. Pre-retraction and post-retraction 
cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT) was done for the evaluation of OIIRR.
RESULTS: No significant differences in the amount of OIIRR have been reported 
between the laser and control sides in both groups A and B. Also, no significant 
differences have been reported between the laser sides in both groups.
CONCLUSIONS: Photobiomodulation does not affect OIIRR, whether by increasing or 
decreasing its occurrence, with both laser application protocols. Therefore, it 
can be stated that PBM does not result in root resorption less than the commonly 
observed range elicited with conventional orthodontic treatment, and that it has 
no effect on OIIRR. Trial registration Two Low-level Laser Irradiation Protocols 
on the Rate of Canine Retraction (NCT04926389), 15/06/2021-retrospectively 
registered. https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04926389 .

© 2022. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1186/s12903-022-02251-w
PMCID: PMC9167544
PMID: 35659655 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests as defined by BMC Oral Health, or other interests that might be 
perceived to influence the results and/or discussion reported in this paper.


384. Oncol Rep. 2022 Jul;48(1):128. doi: 10.3892/or.2022.8339. Epub 2022 Jun 1.

[Retracted] MicroRNA‑379 acts as a tumor suppressor in non‑small cell lung 
cancer by targeting the IGF‑1R‑mediated AKT and ERK pathways.

Zhou F(1), Nie L(1), Feng D(2), Guo S(1), Luo R(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Suizhou Hospital, Hubei University of Medicine, 
Suizhou, Hubei 441399, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy and Chemotherapy, The Second People's Hospital of 
Yichang, Yichang, Hubei 43000, P.R. China.

Retraction of
    Oncol Rep. 2017 Sep;38(3):1857-1866. doi: 10.3892/or.2017.5835.

Following the publication of this paper, it was drawn to the Editors' attention 
by a concerned reader that the cell migration and invasion assay data shown in 
Figs. 2F, 5D and 6D were strikingly similar to data appearing in different form 
in other articles by different authors. Owing to the fact that the contentious 
data in the above article had already been published elsewhere, or were already 
under consideration for publication, prior to its submission to Oncology 
Reports, the Editor has decided that this paper should be retracted from the 
Journal. After having been in contact with the authors, they agreed with the 
decision to retract the paper. The Editor apologizes to the readership for any 
inconvenience caused. [the original article was published in Oncology Reports 
38: 1857‑1866, 2017; DOI: 10.3892/or.2017.5835].

DOI: 10.3892/or.2022.8339
PMCID: PMC9204552
PMID: 35642683


385. Biosens Bioelectron. 2022 Sep 15;212:114387. doi: 10.1016/j.bios.2022.114387. 
Epub 2022 May 20.

Electromechanical integrated recording of single cardiomyocyte in situ by 
multimodal microelectrode biosensing system.

Zhang D(1), Xiang Y(2), Zou Q(3), Zhu K(4), Hu N(5).

Author information:
(1)Research Center for Intelligent Sensing Systems, Zhejiang Laboratory, 
Hangzhou, 311100, China. Electronic address: zhangdm@zhejianglab.edu.cn.
(2)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Affiliated Dongguan People's 
Hospital, Southern Medical University, Dongguan, 523059, China.
(3)Department of Clinical Medical Engineering, Second Affiliated Hospital of 
Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou, 310009, China.
(4)Department of Cardiac Surgery and Shanghai Institute of Cardiovascular 
Diseases, Zhongshan Hospital Fudan University, Shanghai, 200032, China. 
Electronic address: zhu.kai1@zs-hospital.sh.cn.
(5)ZJU-Hangzhou Global Scientific and Technological Innovation Center, 
Department of Chemistry, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, 310058, China. 
Electronic address: huning@zju.edu.cn.

The development of new drugs is a lengthy process, while the observation of 
serious side effects, such as cardiotoxicity, can result in the drug to be 
withdrawn even after development, leading to heavy burden on human health and 
social economy. To assess the drug cardiotoxicity, the electrical and mechanical 
properties of cardiomyocytes are increasingly being used to investigate the 
mechanisms and potential toxicity of drugs. Conventional non-invasive and 
label-free recording strategies are not well suited to record the integrated 
electromechanical signals from the single cell in a high-throughput manner, 
whereas label-based recordings strategies suffer from phototoxicity and drug 
side effects, precluding their long-time detection. In this study, we 
established a new multimodal microelectrode biosensing system to achieve the 
simultaneous and dynamic interrogation of electromechanical signals from 
multisite single cardiomyocytes. This multimodal device can detect subtle 
changes in the electromechanical signals induced by ion channel drugs during the 
excitation-contraction coupling of cardiomyocytes. The use of electromechanical 
integrated single cell signals for drug assessment was compared with commercial 
drug assays, and our multimodal microelectrode biosensing system can afford 
record electromechanical integrated signals as well as efficiently identify the 
effects of ion channel-blocking drugs on the electrical and mechanical 
properties of cardiomyocytes. Our multimodal microelectrode biosensing system is 
a potential valuable platform in the fields of cardiology and pharmacology.

Copyright © 2022 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.bios.2022.114387
PMID: 35635972 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


386. Med Phys. 2022 Jul;49(7):4365-4371. doi: 10.1002/mp.15783. Epub 2022 Jun 7.

Technical note: Low-cost MR-compatible pneumatic respiratory organ motion 
simulator for the development of MR-guided thermal therapy.

Kim K(1), Jones P(2), Diederich C(2), Ozhinsky E(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology and Biomedical Imaging, University of California San 
Francisco, San Francisco, California, USA.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of California San Francisco, San 
Francisco, California, USA.

BACKGROUND: In magnetic resonance (MR)-guided thermal therapy, respiratory 
motion can cause a significant temperature error in MR thermometry and reduce 
the efficiency of the treatment. A respiratory motion simulator is necessary for 
the development of new MR imaging (MRI) and motion compensation techniques.
PURPOSE: The purpose of this study is to develop a low-cost and simple 
MR-compatible respiratory motion simulator to support proof-of-concept studies 
of MR monitoring approaches with respiratory-induced abdominal organ motion.
METHODS: The phantom motion system integrates pneumatic control via an actuator 
subsystem located outside the MRI and coupled via plastic tubing to a 
compressible bag for distention and retraction within the MRI safe motion 
subsystem and phantom positioned within the MRI scanner. Performance of the 
respiratory motion simulator was evaluated with a real-time gradient echo MRI 
pulse sequence.
RESULTS: The motion simulator can produce respiratory rates in the range of 8-16 
breaths/min. Our experiments showed the consistent periodic motion of the 
phantom during MRI acquisition in the range of 3.7-9 mm with 16 breaths/min. The 
operation of the simulator did not cause interference with MRI acquisition.
CONCLUSIONS: In this study, we have demonstrated the ability of the motion 
simulator to generate controlled respiratory motion of a phantom. The low-cost 
MR-compatible respiratory motion simulator can be easily constructed from 
off-the-shelf and 3D-printed parts based on open-source 3D models and 
instructions. This could lower the barriers to the development of new MRI 
techniques with motion compensation.

© 2022 American Association of Physicists in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1002/mp.15783
PMCID: PMC9288488
PMID: 35635215 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest The authors have no 
relevant conflicts of interest to declare.


387. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Intell Neurosci. 2022 May 19;2022:6185013. doi: 10.1155/2022/6185013. 
eCollection 2022.

Multiclass Classification of Chest X-Ray Images for the Prediction of COVID-19 
Using Capsule Network.

Ragab M(1)(2)(3), Alshehri S(4), Alhakamy NA(5)(6)(7), Mansour RF(8), Koundal 
D(9).

Author information:
(1)Department of Information Technology, King Abdulaziz University, Jeddah 
21589, Saudi Arabia.
(2)Centre for Artificial Intelligence in Precision Medicines, King Abdulaziz 
University, Jeddah 21589, Saudi Arabia.
(3)Department of Mathematics, Al-Azhar University, Nasercity 11884, Cairo, 
Egypt.
(4)Department of Pharmacy Practice, King Abdulaziz University, Jeddah, Saudi 
Arabia.
(5)Department of Pharmaceutics, King Abdulaziz University, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
(6)Center of Excellence for Drug Research and Pharmaceutical Industries, King 
Abdulaziz University, Jeddah 21589, Saudi Arabia.
(7)Mohamed Saeed Tamer Chair for Pharmaceutical Industries, King Abdulaziz 
University, Jeddah 21589, Saudi Arabia.
(8)Department of Mathematics, New Valley University, El-Kharga 72511, Egypt.
(9)Department of Systemics, School of Computer Science, University of Petroleum 
and Energy Studies, Dehradun, India.

Retraction in
    Comput Intell Neurosci. 2023 Dec 13;2023:9801761. doi: 10.1155/2023/9801761.

It is critical to establish a reliable method for detecting people infected with 
COVID-19 since the pandemic has numerous harmful consequences worldwide. If the 
patient is infected with COVID-19, a chest X-ray can be used to determine this. 
In this work, an X-ray showing a COVID-19 infection is classified by the capsule 
neural network model we trained to recognise. 6310 chest X-ray pictures were 
used to train the models, separated into three categories: normal, pneumonia, 
and COVID-19. This work is considered an improved deep learning model for the 
classification of COVID-19 disease through X-ray images. Viewpoint invariance, 
fewer parameters, and better generalisation are some of the advantages of 
CapsNet compared with the classic convolutional neural network (CNN) models. The 
proposed model has achieved an accuracy greater than 95% during the model's 
training, which is better than the other state-of-the-art algorithms. 
Furthermore, to aid in detecting COVID-19 in a chest X-ray, the model could 
provide extra information.

Copyright © 2022 Mahmoud Ragab et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/6185013
PMCID: PMC9135545
PMID: 35634055 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


388. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2022 May 19;2022:4102666. doi: 10.1155/2022/4102666. 
eCollection 2022.

Homeobox A1 Facilitates Immune Escape and Alleviates Oxidative Stress in Lung 
Adenocarcinoma.

Zhao F(#)(1)(2), Tian H(#)(3), Liu X(#)(1)(4), Guan Y(1), Zhu Y(5), Ren P(3), 
Zhang J(6), Dong Y(7), Fu L(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital and Institute, 
Shandong First Medical University and Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences, 
Jinan, 250117 Shandong, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital and Institute, 
Shandong University, Jinan, 250117 Shandong, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Qilu Hospital of Shandong University, 
Jinan, 250012 Shandong, China.
(4)Cheeloo College of Medicine, Shandong University, Jinan, 250012 Shandong, 
China.
(5)Affiliated Hospital of Heze Medical College, Heze, 274008 Shandong, China.
(6)Departments of Pathology, Shandong Cancer Hospital and Institute, Shandong 
First Medical University and Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences, Jinan, 250117 
Shandong, China.
(7)Department of Thoracic surgery, Shandong Cancer Hospital and Institute, 
Shandong First Medical University and Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences, 
Jinan, 250117 Shandong, China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2023 Dec 29;2023:9758648. doi: 10.1155/2023/9758648.

OBJECTIVE: Recent studies have demonstrated that homeobox A1 (HOXA1) is 
upregulated in lung cancer due to RNA modifications (N6-methyladenosine), but 
the specific function of HOXA1 in lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD) remains indistinct. 
Herein, we investigated the role of HOXA1 in LUAD biology.
METHODS: This study presented pancancer analysis of associations of HOXA1 with 
prognosis, TMB, and immune checkpoints. The expression of HOXA1 was detected in 
LUAD and normal tissues with immunohistochemistry and western blot. Through 
least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) analysis, HOXA1-derived 
gene model was conducted in LUAD. Correlations of HOXA1 with immune cell 
infiltrations, immune checkpoints, HLAs, and chemotherapeutic sensitivity were 
evaluated. Colony formation, proliferation, and migration of LUAD cells with 
si-HOXA1 transfection were investigated, and the effects of HOXA1 on T cell 
exhaustion were assessed in vitro.
RESULTS: HOXA1 expression was a risk factor of overall survival, 
disease-specific survival, and progression-free interval of LUAD. HOXA1 
exhibited prominent associations with immune cell infiltration, immune 
checkpoints, and HLAs. HOXA1-derived gene signature reliably and independently 
predicted LUAD outcomes. Also, high-risk cases presented increased sensitivity 
to cisplatin, paclitaxel, docetaxel, vinorelbine, and etoposide. HOXA1 knockdown 
exhibited an inhibitory effect on proliferation and migration abilities of LUAD 
cells. Silencing HOXA1 weakened the expression of antioxidative stress markers 
Nrf2/HO-1 and T cell exhaustion marker CD155 in LUAD cells. Moreover, LUAD cells 
with HOXA1 knockdown enhanced the CD8+ T cell response.
CONCLUSION: Our data support the oncogenic function and prognostic significance 
of HOXA1 that facilitates immune escape and alleviates oxidative stress of LUAD.

Copyright © 2022 Fen Zhao et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/4102666
PMCID: PMC9136634
PMID: 35633885 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


389. Leuk Res. 2022 Jul;118:106855. doi: 10.1016/j.leukres.2022.106855. Epub 2022 May 
21.

Retraction notice to "Low-dose radiotherapy (2×2 g) versus low doses and 
rituximab in the treatment of marginal zone b-cell lymphoma previously 
untreated" [Leuk. Res. 98C (2020) 106443].

Aviles A(1), Cleto S(1).

Author information:
(1)Oncology Research Unit, Department of Hematology, Oncology Hospital, National 
Medical Center Unit, Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social, México, DF, Mexico.

Retraction of
    Leuk Res. 2020 Nov;98:106443. doi: 10.1016/j.leukres.2020.106443.

DOI: 10.1016/j.leukres.2022.106855
PMID: 35610107


390. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 May 14;2022:8679511. doi: 10.1155/2022/8679511. 
eCollection 2022.

The Comparison of the Diagnostic Value of Left Atrial Pulmonary Vein 
Single-Phase and Dual-Phase Enhanced CT Scanning for Left Atrial Appendage 
Thrombosis and SEC in Patients with Atrial Fibrillation.

Guo T(1), Dong Y(1), Yu S(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Cangzhou Central Hospital, Hebei Medical University, 
Cangzhou, Hebei 061001, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9861583. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9861583.

OBJECTIVE: The accuracy of left atrial pulmonary vein CT enhanced single-phase 
and dual-phase scanning in the detection of left atrial appendage (LAA) 
thrombosis and spontaneous echo contrast (SEC) before radio frequency ablation 
was compared in atrial fibrillation patients, so as to optimize the scanning 
scheme.
METHODS: 78 patients with atrial fibrillation who were admitted to Cangzhou 
Central Hospital from October 2020 to September 2021 and underwent bilateral 
enhanced CT scan of left atrial pulmonary vein and transesophageal 
echocardiography (TEE) examination for planned frequency ablation were selected. 
TEE results were used as the "gold standard" to compare the diagnostic efficacy 
of the first phase, second phase, and double-phase comprehensive mode of 
enhanced left atrial pulmonary vein CT in detecting left atrial thrombosis and 
SEC.
RESULTS: The sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative 
predictive value were 88.9%, 84.1%, 42.1%, and 98.3%, respectively, in the 
detection of left atrial thrombosis and SEC by the first phase of CT enhanced 
scan. The sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative 
predictive value were 22.2%, 98.6%, 66.6%, and 90.7%, respectively, in the 
detection of left atrial thrombosis and SEC by the second phase of CT enhanced 
scan. The sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative 
predictive value were 88.9%, 84.1%, 42.1%, and 98.3%, respectively, in the 
detection of left atrial thrombosis and SEC by the double-phase comprehensive 
mode of CT enhanced scan. There was no statistically significant difference in 
the accuracy of CT diagnosis of left atrial appendage thrombosis and SEC between 
the three modes of the first phase, the second phase, and the double-phase 
comprehensive CT (P > 0.05). The mean effective radiation dose of double-phase 
enhanced scan was 7.49 ± 1.02 mSv.
CONCLUSION: Single-phase enhanced CT scan of left atrial pulmonary vein can meet 
clinical requirements and significantly reduce the radiation dose compared with 
double-phase enhanced CT scan. Therefore, it is recommended as an initial 
screening examination for patients with atrial fibrillation before 
radiofrequency ablation.

Copyright © 2022 Tianjiao Guo et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/8679511
PMCID: PMC9124083
PMID: 35607650 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


391. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Appl Bionics Biomech. 2022 May 14;2022:9384983. doi: 10.1155/2022/9384983. 
eCollection 2022.

The Effect of a New Ligation and Venipuncture Method on Vena Basilica Vessel.

Mao Y(1), Huang X(2), Yang H(1), Zhou S(1), Yuan A(1), Lin G(3), Geng G(4).

Author information:
(1)Medical Imaging Department, Nantong First People's Hospital, Jiangsu, China.
(2)Radiotherapy Department, Nantong First People's Hospital, Jiangsu, China.
(3)Internal Medicine-Cardiovascular Department, Nantong First People's Hospital, 
Jiangsu, China.
(4)School of Nursing, Nantong University Medical School, Jiangsu, China.

Retraction in
    Appl Bionics Biomech. 2023 Nov 29;2023:9857359. doi: 10.1155/2023/9857359.

OBJECTIVE: This study evaluated the impact of a novel venipuncture method on 
vascular parameters of vena basilica to provide a new technical option for the 
clinical management of difficult venipuncture.
METHODS: 32 volunteers examined by ultrasound at the Medical Imaging Center of 
The First People's Hospital of Nantong, Jiangsu province, from February 2020 to 
April 2020 were randomly selected. One hand of each patient was ligated with the 
traditional single tourniquet and the new ligation method for 20 seconds. Then, 
the distance between the left or right vena basilica and the skin and the 
diameter of blood vessels were measured by ultrasound. 98 patients with 
peripheral venipuncture difficulty who were examined by ultrasound of a 
third-grade hospital from April 2019 to March 2020 were selected and randomly 
divided into control group (n = 49) and experimental group (n = 49). The 
traditional method was used in the control group, and the new peripheral 
venipuncture was used in the experimental group. The success rate of single 
puncture, preparation time before puncture, time required for puncture 
operation, pain reaction during puncture, intravascular congestion after 
puncture, subcutaneous tissue injury, and vascular reuse rate after puncture 
were compared between the two methods.
RESULTS: The new ligation and puncture method increased the diameter of 
peripheral superficial vein vessels by 0.51 ± 0.04 mm, and the change of vena 
basilica diameter was not significantly associated with gender and age of 
patient. The success rate of single puncture and the vascular reuse rate were 
significantly higher in the experimental group than in the control group, while 
the preparation time and venipuncture time, as well as the patient's pain 
response, were significantly lower in the experimental group compared to the 
control group, and the intravascular congestion and subcutaneous tissue injury 
were lower. In addition, the mean satisfaction score of patients in the 
experimental group was higher than that of the control group.
CONCLUSION: The new ligation and puncture method was an effective vena basilica 
dilation technique for filling the peripheral superficial veins, improving 
puncture success rate of peripheral difficult vein, and reducing patient pain, 
which was worth popularizing and applying in clinic.

Copyright © 2022 Yuanhong Mao et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9384983
PMCID: PMC9124119
PMID: 35607428

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


392. Chem Biol Interact. 2022 Aug 1;362:109979. doi: 10.1016/j.cbi.2022.109979. Epub 
2022 May 17.

LNTgate: How LNT benefited from editorial actions.

Calabrese EJ(1), Giordano J(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Environmental Health Sciences, Morrill I, N344, University of 
Massachusetts, Amherst, MA, 01003, USA. Electronic address: 
edwardc@schoolph.umass.edu.
(2)Departments of Neurology and Biochemistry, Georgetown University Medical 
Center, Washington, DC, 20007, USA; Pellegrino Center for Clinical Bioethics, 
Georgetown University Medical Center, Washington, DC, 20007, USA. Electronic 
address: james.giordano@georgetown.edu.

This paper illustrates how the acceptance of the linear non-threshold (LNT) dose 
response model was unethically advocated and advanced both by key scientists 
within the radiation genetics community, and by editorial practices in Science, 
a leading international scientific journal. Four key papers became the 
cornerstones in the acceptance of the LNT model. In the publication process of 
these papers, editorial decisions to circumvent peer review occurred in at least 
two cases. As well, the summarized data of one paper were never shared with the 
scientific community and remain missing to date. Publication of a paper in 
Science on which a senior editor of the journal was a co-author is alleged to 
have intentionally falsified the research record (BEAR Genetics Panel). These 
findings raise the question of whether foundational papers for major 
contemporary regulatory policy (i.e., LNT/cancer risk assessment) that lack 
scientific legitimacy, as identified herein, should be retracted. These findings 
also should serve as the basis for considerable ethical concern, as well as a 
prompt for ongoing ethical diligence and rigor in the conduct and publication of 
scientific research.

Copyright © 2022 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.cbi.2022.109979
PMID: 35594956 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


393. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 May 9;2022:2848220. doi: 10.1155/2022/2848220. 
eCollection 2022.

Efficacy and Safety of PD-1/PD-L1 Inhibitor Chemotherapy Combined with Lung 
Cancer Fang No. 1 in Relapsed and Refractory SCLC: A Retrospective Observational 
Study.

Wang L(1), Lei X(2), Wang X(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Respiratory Endology, People's Hospital of Dongxihu District, 
Wuhan, Hubei 430040, China.
(2)Second Ward, Department of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine, Wuhan No. 
1 Hospital, China.
(3)Department of Infectious Disease, Wuhan Asia General Hospital, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jun 28;2023:9870685. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9870685.

BACKGROUND: Relapsed and refractory small cell lung cancer (SCLC) accounts for 
about 15% of all lung cancers. The prognosis of patients is poor. The 5-year 
survival rate is almost 0. The average survival time of patients who refuse to 
receive treatment is only 2-4 months. For patients with extensive-stage SCLC, 
the current first-line treatment regimens are mainly platinum-containing 
double-drug chemotherapy. Poside combined with cisplatin/carboplatin and 
irinotecan combined with cisplatin/carboplatin are commonly used clinical 
regimens for the treatment of patients with extensive-stage SCLC. Although SCLC 
is very sensitive to radiotherapy and chemotherapy, most patients will develop 
recurrence and metastasis after initial treatment. Therefore, it is necessary to 
study clinically effective therapeutic drugs for relapsed and refractory SCLC.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between programmed death receptor-1 
(programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1)) and programmed death receptor-ligand 1 
(programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1)) inhibitors and Lung Cancer No. 1 efficacy 
and safety of Lung Cancer Fang No. 1 in the treatment of relapsed and refractory 
SCLC.
METHODS: 80 patients with refractory SCLC were selected and randomly divided 
into control group and treatment group with 40 cases in each group. Among them, 
the control group received PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitor chemotherapy, and the treatment 
group received PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitor chemotherapy combined with Lung Cancer Fang 
No. 1 treatment. The differences in immune and tumor marker levels, clinical 
efficacy, and prognostic complications between the two groups before and after 
treatment were observed and compared.
RESULTS: Before treatment, there was no significant difference in clinical 
improvement between the two groups. After treatment, the clinical symptom scores 
and body weight changes in the treatment group were significantly improved. The 
clinical symptom scores in the treatment group were lower than those in the 
control group, but the body weight changes were higher than those in the control 
group. The difference was statistically significant (P < 0.05). Before 
treatment, there was no significant difference in the levels of tumor markers 
between the two groups. After treatment, the levels of CYFRA21-1, CA125, and 
VGEF in the treatment group were significantly lower than those in the control 
group, and the difference was statistically significant (P < 0.05). There was no 
significant difference in the immune level between the two groups before 
treatment (P > 0.05), while the differences in CD4+, CD3+, and CD4+/CD8+ after 
treatment were significant, and the treatment group was higher than the control 
group, with statistical significance (P < 0.05). After treatment, the clinical 
efficacy of the two groups was significantly improved. The DCR90.00% of the 
treatment group was significantly higher than that of the control group, 67.50%, 
and the difference was statistically significant (P < 0.05). The analysis of 
complications after treatment showed that fatigue, anorexia, hypertension, 
hand-foot syndrome, diarrhea, leukopenia, thrombocytopenia, and urinary protein 
in the treatment group were significantly lower than those in the control group, 
and the difference was statistically significant (P < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitor chemotherapy combined with Lung Cancer Fang No. 
1 has a good and safe effect on SCLC patients. It has a good curative effect in 
improving the clinical symptoms of patients. It can stabilize the tumor, inhibit 
the development of lung cancer, improve the body's cellular immune function, 
adjust the level and expression of tumor markers, improve the body's material 
metabolism, and restore the balance of yin and yang in the body.

Copyright © 2022 Lihua Wang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2848220
PMCID: PMC9110176
PMID: 35586668 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: There are no conflicts of interest.


394. Radiat Oncol. 2022 May 16;17(1):96. doi: 10.1186/s13014-022-02030-5.

Retraction Note to: IL-6 signaling promotes DNA repair and prevents apoptosis in 
CD133+ stem-like cells of lung cancer after radiation.

Chen Y(1), Zhang F(2), Tsai Y(2), Yang X(2), Yang L(2), Duan S(2), Wang X(2), 
Keng P(2), Lee SO(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, James P. Wilmot Cancer Center, University 
of Rochester, 601 Elmwood Ave., Box 647, Rochester, NY, 14642, USA. 
yuhchyau_chen@urmc.rochester.edu.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, James P. Wilmot Cancer Center, University 
of Rochester, 601 Elmwood Ave., Box 647, Rochester, NY, 14642, USA.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, James P. Wilmot Cancer Center, University 
of Rochester, 601 Elmwood Ave., Box 647, Rochester, NY, 14642, USA. 
soook_Lee@urmc.rochester.edu.

Retraction of
    Radiat Oncol. 2015 Nov 14;10:227. doi: 10.1186/s13014-015-0534-1.

DOI: 10.1186/s13014-022-02030-5
PMCID: PMC9112531
PMID: 35578280


395. Clin Transl Discov. 2022 Mar;2(1):e35. doi: 10.1002/ctd2.35. Epub 2022 Feb 25.

The risk-benefit ratio of Covid-19 vaccines: Publication policy by retraction 
does nothing to improve it.

Walach H(1)(2), Klement RJ(3), Aukema W(4).

Author information:
(1)Change Health Science Institute Berlin Germany.
(2)Next Society Institute Kazimieras Simonavicius University Vilnius Lithuania.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology Leopoldina Hospital Schweinfurt Germany.
(4)Independent Data Analyst Hoenderloo Netherlands.

DOI: 10.1002/ctd2.35
PMCID: PMC9087123
PMID: 35572365

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there is no conflict of 
interest that could be perceived as prejudicing the impartiality of the research 
reported.


396. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Intell Neurosci. 2022 May 4;2022:6257536. doi: 10.1155/2022/6257536. 
eCollection 2022.

Value Analysis of Neoadjuvant Radiotherapy for Breast Cancer after Modified 
Radical Mastectomy Based on Data Mining.

Liu B(1), Huang H(1), Pan L(2), Ma Y(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Breast Surgery, Gansu Provincial Hospital, Lanzhou 730000, 
Gansu, China.
(2)Department of Orthopedics, Gansu Provincial Hospital, Lanzhou 730000, Gansu, 
China.
(3)Department of Traditional Medicine, Gansu Provincial Hospital, Lanzhou 
730000, Gansu, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Intell Neurosci. 2023 Dec 13;2023:9836949. doi: 10.1155/2023/9836949.

Over the last two generations, there has been a surge of interest in 
nonmutilating treatment for women with early breast cancer. Neoadjuvant 
radiation therapy, which is progressively being provided to breast cancer 
patients, could be used to decrease tumor burden while also providing an ability 
to examine treatment response. This paper aims to explore the effects of the 
initiation time of radiotherapy after modified adjuvant radical mastectomy on 
the prognosis of breast cancer. The EMR data can be used to mine hidden rules, 
which are of great significance for treatment and prognosis analysis. In 
collaboration with breast cancer, the appropriate prediction model and 
visualization method are selected and a visual analysis system for breast cancer 
group and treatment plan based on electronic medical record is constructed. 
Patients with multiple dimensions are reduced and clustered to form patient 
groups. The differences of characteristics among patient groups are intuitively 
displayed by using Nightingale diagram, word cloud, and time axis visualization 
methods. The support vector machine (SVM) model is used to predict the treatment 
scheme. The radiotherapy time after modified radical surgery in the two groups 
was within 15 weeks (observation group) and 15 weeks (routine group), 
respectively. The incidence of complications, local recurrence rate, 
progression-free survival, and quality of life scores of patients in the routine 
group and observation group were compared. The total incidence of complications 
differed significantly between the observation and routine groups. The physical 
function, material function, psychological function, and social function of the 
observation group were significantly higher than the routine group (P < 0.05). 
Radiotherapy within 15 weeks after modified radical mastectomy for breast cancer 
can not only reduce the local recurrence rate but also prolong the 
progression-free survival of patients, and the incidence of complications will 
not increase, which will greatly help improve the quality of life of patients.

Copyright © 2022 Bo Liu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/6257536
PMCID: PMC9095346
PMID: 35571719 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


397. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Transl Cancer Res. 2022 Apr;11(4):813-822. doi: 10.21037/tcr-22-346.

Inhibitory effect of lovastatin on human lung cancer cell proliferation by 
regulating the ERK1/2 and COX-2 pathways.

Liu S(#)(1), Yang P(#)(1), Wang M(#)(1), Zhang S(1), Wang J(2), Pan T(1), Zhou 
P(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Hainan Medical 
University, Haikou, China.
(2)Department of Respiratory Diseases, The First Affiliated Hospital of Hainan 
Medical University, Haikou, China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Transl Cancer Res. 2024 Jun 30;13(6):3181. doi: 10.21037/tcr-2024-3.

BACKGROUND: Lovastatin is an inhibitor of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA 
reductase, effectively inhibiting cholesterol synthesis. Previous research 
findings showed that lovastatin markedly suppressed tumor cell proliferation and 
metastasis and induced apoptosis. The present study aimed to determine the 
underlying mechanism of the suppressive effect of lovastatin on the growth of 
human lung cancer cells.
METHODS: The A549 cell line was treated with different concentrations of 
lovastatin. Subsequently, cell proliferation and colony formation were analyzed, 
along with the expression of apoptosis-related proteins (ERK1/2, c-JUN, COX-2, 
BCL-2, and BAX) by western blotting and immunofluorescence staining. 
Experimental data were analyzed with SPSS 25.0 and expressed as the mean ± SEM. 
One-way ANOVA or two-way independent samples t-test were used.
RESULTS: The results confirmed that lovastatin suppressed cell viability and 
reduced the numbers of cell colonies, and a concentration-dependent response was 
observed with increasing lovastatin concentrations (P<0.05). Accordingly, these 
suppressive effects were related to decreased protein expression levels of 
p-ERK1/2/ERK1/2, p-c-JUN/c-JUN, COX-2, and BCL-2 and increased BAX protein 
expression (P<0.05). Furthermore, we conducted an experimental intervention with 
low-dose LPS+ATP to stimulate A549 cell growth, and then examined the 
proliferation and apoptosis of A549 cells after LPS+ATP+50 µM lovastatin 
intervention. The principal finding of this research was that lovastatin still 
suppressed A549 cell growth after LPS+ATP stimulation via modulation of ERK1/2, 
c-JUN, COX-2, BCL-2, and BAX protein levels (P<0.05).
CONCLUSIONS: Collectively, the findings presented in this study confirmed that 
lovastatin can inhibit A549 cell proliferation by regulating the ERK1/2 and 
COX-2 pathways.

2022 Translational Cancer Research. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.21037/tcr-22-346
PMCID: PMC9091021
PMID: 35571660

Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: All authors have 
completed the ICMJE uniform disclosure form (available at 
https://tcr.amegroups.com/article/view/10.21037/tcr-22-346/coif). The authors 
have no conflicts of interest to declare.


398. RETRACTED ARTICLE

PLoS One. 2022 May 13;17(5):e0268154. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0268154. 
eCollection 2022.

Genome-wide exploration of sugar transporter (sweet) family proteins in Fabaceae 
for Sustainable protein and carbon source.

Singh N(1)(2), Ujinwal M(1), Langyan S(3), Sayyed RZ(4), El Enshasy HA(5)(6)(7), 
Kenawy AA(7).

Author information:
(1)ICAR-National Institute for Plant Biotechnology, New Delhi, India.
(2)Gujarat Biotechnology University, (GIFT)-City, Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India.
(3)ICAR-National Bureau of Plant Genetic Resources (NBPGR), New Delhi, India.
(4)Department of Microbiology, PSGVP Mandal's S I Patil Arts, G B Patel Science 
and STKVS Commerce College, Shahada, India.
(5)Institute of Bioproduct Development (IBD), Universiti Teknologi Malaysia 
(UTM), Johor, Malayisa.
(6)School of Chemical and Energy Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, Universiti 
Teknologi Malaysia (UTM), Johor, Malaysia.
(7)City of Scientific Research and Technology Applications (SRTA), New Burg Al 
Arab, Alexandria, Egypt.

Retraction in
    PLoS One. 2022 Aug 31;17(8):e0273467. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0273467.

Sugar transporter proteins (STPs) are membrane proteins required for sugar 
transport throughout cellular membranes. They plays an imperative role in sugar 
transmission across the plant and determinants of crop yield. However, the 
analysis of these important STPs Sugars Will Eventually be Exported Transporters 
(SWEET) family in legumes is still not well-documented and remains unclear. 
Therefore, the in-silico analysis of STPs has been performed to unravel their 
cellular, molecular, and structural composition in legume species. This study 
conducted a systematic search for STPs in Cajanus cajan using the Blastp 
algorithm to understand its molecular basis. Here, we performed a comprehensive 
analysis of 155 identified SWEET proteins across 12 legumes species, namely 
(Cajanus cajan, Glycine max, Vigna radiate, Vigna angularis, Medicago 
truncatula, Lupinus angustifolius, Glycine soja, Spatholobus suberectus, Cicer 
arietinum, Arachis ipaensis, Arachis hypogaea, Arachis duranensis). The amino 
acid composition and motif analysis revealed that SWEET proteins are rich in 
essential amino acids such as leucine, valine, isoleucine, phenylalanine, and 
serine while less profuse in glutamine, tryptophan, cysteine, and histidine. A 
total of four main conserved motifs of SWEET proteins are also highly abundant 
in these amino acids. The present study deciphered the details on primary 
physicochemical properties, secondary, tertiary structure, and phylogenetic 
analysis of SWEETs protein. Majorities of SWEET proteins (72.26%) are in stable 
form with an average instability index of 36.5%, and it comprises a higher 
fraction of positively charged amino acid Arg + Lys residues. Secondary 
structure analysis shown that these proteins are richer in alpha-helix (40%) 
than extended strand (30%) and random coil (25%), respectively. Furthermore, to 
infer their mechanism at a structural and functional level which play an 
essential roles in growth, development, and stress responses. This study will be 
useful to examine photosynthetic productivity, embryo sugar content, seed 
quality, and yield enhancement in Fabaceae for a sustainable source of essential 
amino acids and carbon source.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0268154
PMCID: PMC9106169
PMID: 35560044 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


399. J Exp Biol. 2022 Jun 15;225(12):jeb243625. doi: 10.1242/jeb.243625. Epub 2022 
Jun 14.

A therian mammal with sprawling kinematics? Gait and 3D forelimb X-ray motion 
analysis in tamanduas.

Scheidt A(1), Ditzel PC(1), Geiger SM(2), Wagner FC(2), Mülling CKW(2), 
Nyakatura JA(1).

Author information:
(1)AG Vergleichende Zoologie, Institut für Biologie, Humboldt Universität zu 
Berlin, Philippstraße 13, 10115 Berlin, Germany.
(2)Institute of Veterinary Anatomy, Histology and Embryology, Leipzig 
University, An den Tierkliniken 43, 04103 Leipzig, Germany.

Therian mammals are known to move their forelimbs in a parasagittal plane, 
retracting the mobilised scapula during stance phase. Non-cursorial therian 
mammals often abduct the elbow out of the shoulder-hip parasagittal plane. This 
is especially prominent in Tamandua (Xenarthra), which suggests they employ 
aspects of sprawling (e.g. lizard-like) locomotion. Here, we tested whether 
tamanduas use sprawling forelimb kinematics, i.e. a largely immobile scapula 
with pronounced lateral spine bending and long-axis rotation of the humerus. We 
analysed high-speed videos and used X-ray motion analysis of tamanduas walking 
and balancing on branches of varying inclinations and provide a quantitative 
characterization of gaits and forelimb kinematics. Tamanduas displayed lateral 
sequence/lateral couplets on flat ground and horizontal branches, but increased 
diagonality on steeper inclines and declines, resulting in lateral 
sequence/diagonal couplets gaits. This result provides further evidence for high 
diagonality in arboreal species, probably maximising stability in arboreal 
environments. Further, the results reveal a mosaic of sprawling and parasagittal 
kinematic characteristics. The abducted elbow results from a constantly 
internally rotated scapula about its long axis and a retracted humerus. Scapula 
retraction contributes considerably to stride length. However, lateral rotation 
in the pectoral region of the spine (range: 21 deg) is higher than reported for 
other therian mammals. Instead, it is similar to that of skinks and alligators, 
indicating an aspect generally associated with sprawling locomotion is 
characteristic for forelimb kinematics of tamanduas. Our study contributes to a 
growing body of evidence of highly variable non-cursorial therian mammal 
locomotor kinematics.

© 2022. Published by The Company of Biologists Ltd.

DOI: 10.1242/jeb.243625
PMID: 35554550 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests The authors declare no 
competing or financial interests.


400. J Med Case Rep. 2022 May 10;16(1):195. doi: 10.1186/s13256-022-03375-x.

Intraocular pressure improvement in patients receiving teprotumumab for the 
treatment of thyroid eye disease: a case series.

Chu M(1), Sung J(2), Song M(2), Song A(2), Song J(3).

Author information:
(1)Southern California Eye Physicians and Surgeons, 1111 S. Fair Oaks Ave., 
Pasadena, CA, 91105, USA.
(2)Center for Oculofacial and Orbital Surgery, 10861 Cherry St., #208, Los 
Alamitos, CA, 90720, USA.
(3)Southern California Eye Physicians and Surgeons, 1111 S. Fair Oaks Ave., 
Pasadena, CA, 91105, USA. jsongmd@drsongvision.com.

BACKGROUND: Teprotumumab is a novel treatment that reduces inflammation and 
symptoms caused by thyroid eye disease. There are limited data on teprotumumab's 
effect on intraocular pressure.
CASE PRESENTATION: We report nine patients diagnosed with thyroid eye disease 
whose intraocular pressure decreased during teprotumumab treatment for 8 weeks: 
patient 1, a 67-year-old Hispanic woman; patient 2, an 86-year-old 
African-American man; patient 3, a 71-year-old Caucasian woman; patient 4, a 
72-year-old Hispanic woman; patient 5, a 65-year-old Caucasian woman; patient 6, 
a 54-year-old Caucasian man; patient 7, a 54-year-old Asian man; patient 8, a 
31-year-old Asian woman; patient 9, a 60-year-old Caucasian woman. The diagnosis 
of thyroid eye disease was based on increased redness, swelling, and excessive 
tearing; abnormal proptosis, lid retraction, and diplopia measurements were also 
taken during physical examination. Intraocular pressure in primary, lateral 
gaze, and upgaze was documented. There was significant (p = 0.0397) improvement 
of primary gaze eye pressure from pre-teprotumumab infusions (baseline) to 
completion of the treatment course.
CONCLUSIONS: Teprotumumab significantly decreased the intraocular pressure for 
patients during the duration of the study. Teprotumumab is a novel medication 
that is approved for the primary treatment of thyroid eye disease in both acute 
and chronic thyroid eye disease. Previous treatments used to treat thyroid eye 
disease include glucocorticoids, radiotherapy, or orbital decompression surgery; 
however, these treatments all have significant limitations. Teprotumumab is an 
effective noninvasive alternative for decreasing symptoms of thyroid eye disease 
and, as shown, also lowers intraocular pressure. However, teprotumumab should 
not be used as a substitute for glaucoma medications; its ability to lower 
intraocular pressure may be in addition to lowering periorbital pressure and 
retro-orbital pressure.

© 2022. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1186/s13256-022-03375-x
PMCID: PMC9087984
PMID: 35538553 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


401. Front Oncol. 2022 Apr 22;12:824509. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2022.824509. eCollection 
2022.

Prediction of Response to Induction Chemotherapy Plus Concurrent 
Chemoradiotherapy for Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Based on MRI Radiomics and Delta 
Radiomics: A Two-Center Retrospective Study.

Xi Y(1)(2), Ge X(1), Ji H(3), Wang L(1), Duan S(4), Chen H(5), Wang M(5), Hu 
H(6), Jiang F(7), Ding Z(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Key Laboratory of Clinical Cancer Pharmacology and 
Toxicology Research of Zhejiang Province, Affiliated Hangzhou First People's 
Hospital, Cancer Center, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou, 
China.
(2)Department of Radiology, 903rd Hospital of PLA, Hangzhou, China.
(3)Department of Radiology, Liangzhu Hospital, Hangzhou, China.
(4)GE Healthcare, Precision Health Institution, Shanghai, China.
(5)Zhejiang Chinese Medical University, Hangzhou, China.
(6)Department of Radiology, Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital Affiliated to Medical 
College Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.
(7)Department of Head and Neck Radiotherapy, Zhejiang Cancer Hospital/Zhejiang 
Province Key Laboratory of Radiation Oncology, Hangzhou, China.

OBJECTIVE: We aimed to establish an MRI radiomics model and a Delta radiomics 
model to predict tumor retraction after induction chemotherapy (IC) combined 
with concurrent chemoradiotherapy (CCRT) for primary nasopharyngeal carcinoma 
(NPC) in non-endemic areas and to validate its efficacy.
METHODS: A total of 272 patients (155 in the training set, 66 in the internal 
validation set, and 51 in the external validation set) with biopsy 
pathologically confirmed primary NPC who were screened for pretreatment MRI were 
retrospectively collected. The NPC tumor was delineated as a region of interest 
in the two sequenced images of MRI before treatment and after IC, followed by 
radiomics feature extraction. With the use of maximum relevance minimum 
redundancy (mRMR) and least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) 
algorithms, logistic regression was performed to establish pretreatment MRI 
radiomics and pre- and post-IC Delta radiomics models. The optimal Youden's 
index was taken; the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, calibration 
curve, and decision curve were drawn to evaluate the predictive efficacy of 
different models.
RESULTS: Seven optimal feature subsets were selected from the pretreatment MRI 
radiomics model, and twelve optimal subsets were selected from the Delta 
radiomics model. The area under the ROC curve, accuracy, sensitivity, 
specificity, negative predictive value (NPV), and positive predictive value 
(PPV) of the MRI radiomics model were 0.865, 0.827, 0.837, 0.813, 0.776, and 
0.865, respectively; the corresponding indicators of the Delta radiomics model 
were 0.941, 0.883, 0.793, 0.968, 0.833, and 0.958, respectively.
CONCLUSION: The pretreatment MRI radiomics model and pre- and post-IC Delta 
radiomics models could predict the IC-CCRT response of NPC in non-epidemic 
areas.

Copyright © 2022 Xi, Ge, Ji, Wang, Duan, Chen, Wang, Hu, Jiang and Ding.

DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2022.824509
PMCID: PMC9074388
PMID: 35530350

Conflict of interest statement: Author SD was employed by GE Healthcare. The 
remaining authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any 
commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential 
conflict of interest.


402. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Apr 29;2022:1112598. doi: 10.1155/2022/1112598. eCollection 
2022.

Software Application toward Accessible Hearing Care Assessment: Gap in Noise 
Test.

Alhussaini K(1), Saleh S(2)(3), Aleid A(1), Alkhalaf S(1), Badghaish R(2), 
Altinawi A(1), Alwasel A(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Biomedical Technology, College of Applied Medical Sciences, 
King Saud University, 10219 Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
(2)King Abdullah Ear Specialist Center, King Abdulaziz University, King Saud 
University, 10219 Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
(3)Ear Institute, University College London, London, UK.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Nov 1;2023:9894189. doi: 10.1155/2023/9894189.

Currently, several methods are being applied to assess auditory temporal 
resolution in a controlled clinical environment via the measurements of gap 
detection thresholds (GDTs). However, these methods face two issues: the 
relatively long time required to perform the gap detection test in such settings 
and the potential of inaccessibility to such facilities. This article proposes a 
fast, affordable, and reliable application-based method for the determination of 
GDT either inside or outside the soundproof booth. The proposed test and the 
acoustic stimuli were both developed using the MATLAB® programming platform. GDT 
is determined when the subject is able to distinguish the shortest silent gap 
inserted randomly in one of two segments of white noise. GDTs were obtained from 
42 normal-hearing subjects inside and outside the soundproof booth. The results 
of this study indicated that average GDTs measured inside the booth 
(5.12 ± 1.02 ms) and outside (4.78 ± 1.16 ms) were not significantly different. 
The measured GDTs were also comparable to that reported in the literature. In 
addition, the GDT screening time of the proposed method was approximately 
5 minutes, a screening time that is much less than that reported by the 
literature. Data show that the proposed application was fast and reliable to 
screen GDT compared to the standard method currently used in clinical settings.

Copyright © 2022 Khalid Alhussaini et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/1112598
PMCID: PMC9076313
PMID: 35529544 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have no conflicts of interest to 
declare.


403. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Apr 29;2022:1086697. doi: 10.1155/2022/1086697. 
eCollection 2022.

A Clinical Analysis and Literature Review of Six Cases with Primary Pulmonary 
Lymphoepithelioma-Like Carcinoma.

Ye L(1), Luo D(2), Li H(1), Zheng H(3), He S(1), Lin L(1), Fang Y(4), Ye J(5), 
Chen C(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Respiratory Medicine, Taizhou Hospital of Zhejiang Province 
affiliated to Wenzhou Medical University, Linhai, Zhejiang, China.
(2)Department of Gastroenterology, Taizhou Hospital of Zhejiang Province 
Affiliated to Wenzhou Medical University, Linhai, Taizhou, China.
(3)Department of Pathology, Taizhou Hospital of Zhejiang Province affiliated to 
Wenzhou Medical University, Linhai, Zhejiang, China.
(4)Department of Radiology, Taizhou Hospital of Zhejiang Province affiliated to 
Wenzhou Medical University, Linhai, Zhejiang, China.
(5)Department of Respiratory Medicine, The People's Hospital of Sanmen, Taizhou, 
Zhejiang, China.
(6)Department of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine, The First Affiliated 
Hospital of Wenzhou Medical University, Wenzhou, Zhejiang, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jul 12;2023:9756024. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9756024.

METHODS: The clinical data of six patients with primary pulmonary 
lymphoepithelioma-like carcinoma treated in Zhejiang Taizhou Hospital of Taizhou 
Enze Medical Center (Group) from May 2014 to December 2018 were summarized and 
analyzed. Combined with the relevant literature, the primary pulmonary 
lymphoepithelioma-like carcinoma was analyzed retrospectively.
RESULTS: The main manifestations of six patients were respiratory symptoms, and 
cough was the most common. The imaging features of six patients were mainly 
round-like high-density mass shadow or nodule shadow. All patients were 
diagnosed by pathology. Microscopically, the cancer cells were nested, with 
large nuclei and vacuoles and abundant lymphocyte infiltration in the tumor 
stroma. The positive rates of EBER, p63, CK5/6, and Ki-67 were high, and TTF-1 
was negative. Five patients received surgical treatment. One patient developed 
brain metastasis 12 months after operation and received craniocerebral 
radiotherapy. The other patients did not receive radiotherapy and chemotherapy, 
and one patient did not receive treatment. After follow-up, four patients 
survived so far, the longest survival time was 82 months, one patient lost 
follow-up, and one patient died of lung metastasis 24 months after operation.
CONCLUSION: Primary pulmonary lymphoepitheliomatoid-like carcinoma is a rare 
lung malignant tumor, whose pathogenesis is related to Epstein-Barr virus 
infection. The clinical manifestations are nonspecific, but with unique 
pathological characteristics. Surgical resection is the proper treatment for 
early-stage patients, and comprehensive treatment with surgery as the main 
treatment is suitable for late-stage patients. The prognosis is good.

Copyright © 2022 Lingyan Ye et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/1086697
PMCID: PMC9076294
PMID: 35529269 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: We declare no conflict of interests.


404. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Intell Neurosci. 2022 Apr 26;2022:2773492. doi: 10.1155/2022/2773492. 
eCollection 2022.

High-Performance Computational Recognition of Communication Signals Based on 
Bispectral Quadratic Feature Model.

Chen Y(1), Zhu R(1), Guo J(1), Wang F(1).

Author information:
(1)School of Information Engineering, Xijing University, Xi'an, Shaanxi 710123, 
China.

Retraction in
    Comput Intell Neurosci. 2023 Jul 26;2023:9873784. doi: 10.1155/2023/9873784.

In response to the problems in the signal identification of radiation sources 
during the communication process, the bispectral quadratic feature model is 
applied to the identification algorithm for communication signals. According to 
the signal eigenvalues obtained from the bispectrum of the diagonal slices in 
the radiation source signals, the eigenvalues of the bispectrum diagonal slices 
can be extended from the frequency domain to the complex plane through the 
chirp-z operation in this paper, and the relevant data are obtained based on the 
bispectrum quadratic feature model of the signals by using the separation rules 
corresponding to the extended Babbitt distance. The bispectral quadratic feature 
model method is used to establish a sparse observation model, and the 
communication signal processing problem can be transformed into an estimation 
problem of signal motion parameters through the construction of a parametric 
database. At the same time, the high-resolution distance of communication 
signals is tested, and the communication signals are estimated by using the 
variational inference method. Finally, practical cases are analyzed, and the 
results indicate that the algorithm proposed in this paper can be used to 
identify different types of communication signals in accordance with simulated 
and measured data in the processing of communication signals in various 
environments, which has the certain anti-interference capacity to noise, can 
improve the identification rate of communication signals, and has verified the 
effectiveness and practicality of the algorithm proposed in this paper.

Copyright © 2022 Yarong Chen et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2773492
PMCID: PMC9064523
PMID: 35515500 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest.


405. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Appl Bionics Biomech. 2022 Apr 25;2022:2105332. doi: 10.1155/2022/2105332. 
eCollection 2022.

Pathological Clinical Analysis and Imaging Manifestations for Spinal Bone Tumors 
Based on Cement Injection.

Li J(1), Wang X(1), Li Y(1), Cao Q(1), Bu Y(1), Cao H(1), Wang X(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Spine, Second Hospital of Tangshan, Tangshan, Hebei, China 
063000.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Xinhua Hospital Affiliated to Shanghai Jiaotong 
University School of Medicine, Shanghai, China 200000.

Retraction in
    Appl Bionics Biomech. 2023 Nov 29;2023:9796538. doi: 10.1155/2023/9796538.

In order to explore the imaging manifestations and pathological characteristics 
of spine tumors, this article explores the clinical diagnosis and treatment 
methods through multi-sample case analysis with the support of imaging, and 
proposes a targeted treatment method that uses a special PVP needle with a 
beveled puncture surface for puncture. Moreover, this article uses the 
supporting PVP syringe for bone cement injection, develops a health status 
questionnaire, and adopts a scoring method for comprehensive assessment. The 
purpose of this article is to show that through the combination of preoperative 
radiotherapy and postoperative bracing, bone cement injection to treat vertebral 
tumors can immediately obtain satisfactory pain relief. Finally, through case 
analysis and image performance, we can see that the method proposed in this 
article has a certain effect.

Copyright © 2022 Jie Li et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2105332
PMCID: PMC9061064
PMID: 35510043

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


406. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Dis Markers. 2022 Apr 25;2022:9978282. doi: 10.1155/2022/9978282. eCollection 
2022.

Effect of Body Size Change on Off-Center Cervical Point and Face Doses in 
Patients Undergoing Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Radiotherapy.

Fang M(1), Xu L(1), Wu X(1), Cui Z(1), He Z(1), Zhang H(1)(2), Jin H(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Bengbu Medical 
College, 287 Changhuai Road, Bengbu, Anhui Province, China.
(2)Basic Medical College of Bengbu Medical College, 287 Changhuai Road, Bengbu, 
Anhui Province, China.
(3)Department of Hepatobiliary Surgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of Bengbu 
Medical College, 287 Changhuai Road, Bengbu, Anhui Province, China.

Retraction in
    Dis Markers. 2023 Jul 19;2023:9836583. doi: 10.1155/2023/9836583.

Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is a clinically multiple malignant tumor. At 
present, with the increase in the infection rate of Epstein-Barr virus, the 
incidence of nasopharyngeal carcinoma is also increasing day by day. To explore 
the effect of body size change on off-center cervical point and face doses in 
patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) undergoing radiotherapy, in total, 
100 patients with NPC from January 2019 to May 2020 in our hospital were 
selected for retrospective analysis, and they all received intensity-modulated 
radiation therapy. Bodyweight, horizontal longitudinal diameter of the odontoid 
process, longitudinal diameter of the third cervical spine, maximum radiation 
dose, and average radiation dose of normal organs in the first and last 
treatments were assessed, and the correlation between normal organ irradiation 
dose and body size was analyzed. Bodyweight, horizontal longitudinal diameter of 
the odontoid process, and longitudinal diameter of the third cervical spine in 
the last treatment were lower than those in the first treatment, with a 
statistically significant difference. There was no statistically significant 
difference in the maximum normal organ irradiation dose to the left eyeball, 
right eyeball, left crystalline lens, right crystalline lens, and maximum 
irradiation dose to optic nerve between the last treatment and the first 
treatment. In the last treatment, the maximum dose to the left parotid gland, 
right parotid gland, spinal cord, and brain stem was higher than that in the 
first treatment. The average irradiation dose to the left eye bulb, right eye 
bulb, left lens, right lens, optic nerve in the last treatment, and that in the 
first treatment showed no significant difference. The average dose to the left 
parotid gland, right parotid gland, spinal cord, and brain stem in the last 
treatment was higher than that in the first treatment. The irradiation dose to 
the left parotid gland, right parotid gland, spinal cord, and brain stem was 
significantly negatively correlated with body weight, horizontal longitudinal 
diameter of the odontoid process, and longitudinal diameter of the third 
cervical spine. After NPC radiotherapy, the body size of patients can change, 
which can have different effects on irradiation doses. Therefore, the target 
area and dose should be corrected during treatment to ensure the efficacy and 
safety of the treatment.

Copyright © 2022 Meifang Fang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9978282
PMCID: PMC9061042
PMID: 35510039 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


407. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Apr 25;2022:1941412. doi: 10.1155/2022/1941412. 
eCollection 2022.

Differentially Expressed Genes in Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Tissues and Their 
Correlation with Recurrence and Metastasis of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma.

Yue H(1), Zhu H(1), Luo D(1), Du Q(1), Xie Y(1), Huang S(1), Liu W(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Guangxi Medical 
University, Nanning 530007, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jun 28;2023:9781420. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9781420.

In this study, bioinformatics tools were used to identify key genes to study the 
molecular mechanism of nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) development and to explore 
the correlation of these key genes with the recurrence and metastasis of NPC. 
The GSE61218 microarray dataset obtained from the Gene Expression Omnibus 
Database (GEO) was used. The limma R package was used to screen differentially 
expressed genes (DEGs) between NPC and normal nasopharyngeal (NP) tissues. KEGG 
functional enrichment was performed on these selected DEGs. Protein-protein 
interaction (PPI) networks were constructed using Cytoscape software to identify 
key node proteins. The NPC-metastasis microarray dataset GSE103611 was obtained 
from GEO to analyze the expression of DEGs in NPC metastasis. A total of 239 
DEGs were identified. DEGs were mainly enriched in oocyte maturation-related 
pathways, cytokine-related pathways, cell cycle-related pathways, cancer-related 
pathways, and homologous recombination-related pathways. In addition, the top 10 
nodes with the higher degree in the DEG PPI network were as follows: CDK1, 
CCNB2, BUB1, CCNA2, AURKB, BUB1B, MAD2L1, NDC80, BIRC5, and CENPF. The results 
indicated that DEGs may be involved in the pathogenesis of NPC by regulating 
cell cycle and mitosis, which can be used as molecular biomarkers for the 
diagnosis of NPC. In addition, we identified 87 DEGs with FC > 2 and P < 0.01 
from the metastasis spectrum of NPC. The intersection gene between DEGs of NPC 
and normal NP tissue samples and those of the metastatic spectrum of NPC was 
identified to be VRK2. The expression of VRK2 in NPC samples was significantly 
higher than that in normal NP tissue, and similarly, VRK2 expression was 
significantly upregulated in metastatic samples compared with nonmetastatic 
samples (P < 0.05). Therefore, VRK2 may be a biomarker for predicting the 
metastasis of NPC patients after treatment.

Copyright © 2022 Haiying Yue et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/1941412
PMCID: PMC9061011
PMID: 35509856 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


408. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Apr 25;2022:4820090. doi: 10.1155/2022/4820090. 
eCollection 2022.

Study on the Conduction Analysis and Blocking Intervention Scheme of Emotional 
Disorders between Cancer Patients and Their Families.

Hu L(1), Zhang X(2), Song Z(1), Wang K(1), Jia Y(1), Song J(1), Su L(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Oncology, Affiliated Hospital of Hebei University, 
Hebei Key Laboratory of Cancer Radiotherapy and Chemotherapy, Baoding, Hebei 
071000, China.
(2)Department of Nursing, The Sixth People's Hospital of Hebei Province, 572 
Dongfeng East Road, Baoding, 071000 Hebei, China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Affiliated Hospital of Hebei University, 212 
Yuhua East Road, Baoding071000, Hebei, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jun 28;2023:9792360. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9792360.

OBJECTIVE: To analyze the transmission and blocking intervention scheme of 
emotional disorders between cancer patients and their families.
METHODS: About 150 patients with cancer and 150 family members with mood 
disorders treated in a tertiary hospital in North China from March 2021 to 
Octobor2021 were enrolled. The patients were randomly assigned into control 
group and study group. The control group received routine intervention, and the 
study group received the diagnosis, intervention, and treatment strategies of 
doctor-patient-affective disorder. The factors related to the transmission of 
emotional disorders between cancer patients and their families were analyzed, 
and the alterations of anxiety, depression, social support, and satisfaction of 
the two groups were compared under different blocking intervention schemes.
RESULTS: (1) Univariate analysis indicated that there were significant 
differences in family age, family income, sex, location of tumor, course of 
disease, TNM stage, somatic symptoms, and the incidence of anxiety and 
depression. There exhibited no significant difference between the gender of the 
family, the years of education of the family, the occupational status of the 
family, the relationship between the family and the patient, the mode of payment 
of the patient's medical expenses, the age of the patient, the mode of treatment 
of the patient, the degree of knowledge of the disease, and the incidence of 
anxiety and depression (P > 0.05). The anxiety and depression status of 
relatives were taken as dependent variables, and the age of family members, 
family income status, sex of patients, location of tumor, course of disease, TNM 
stage, and physical symptoms of patients were taken as independent variables, 
and the data were analyzed by Logistic regression analysis. Logistic regression 
analysis indicated that family income, tumor location, disease course, TNM 
stage, and somatic symptoms were the risk factors of anxiety and depression in 
relatives. (2) Comparison of social support status and intergroup, the objective 
support, subjective support, support utilization, and total score of social 
support in the study group were higher compared to the control group. In terms 
of the depression score before intervention, there exhibited no significant 
difference (P > 0.05), but after intervention, the depression score of the two 
groups decreased, and the depression score of the study group was lower compared 
to the control group before intervention, 1 week, 2 weeks, 3 weeks, and 4 weeks 
after intervention (P < 0.05). In terms of the anxiety score before 
intervention, there exhibited no significant difference (P > 0.05), but after 
intervention, the anxiety score of the two groups decreased, and the anxiety 
score of the study group was lower compared to the control group before 
intervention, 1 week, 2 weeks, 3 weeks, and 4 weeks after intervention (P < 
0.05). Comparison of the satisfaction between the two groups and the study group 
was very satisfied in 56 cases, satisfactory in 14 cases, and general in 5 
cases, and the satisfaction rate was 100.00%. The control group was very 
satisfied in 35 cases, satisfactory in 23 cases, general in 12 cases, and 
dissatisfied in 5 cases, and the satisfaction rate was 93.33%. The satisfaction 
of the study group was higher compared to the control group (P < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: Family income, tumor location, course of disease, TNM stage, and 
somatic symptoms are the risk factors of anxiety and depression in relatives. 
After establishing the diagnosis, intervention and treatment strategies of 
doctor-patient-affective disorder, the emotional disorder of family members of 
cancer patients, is significantly promoted, and the intervention satisfaction is 
high, so the scheme is worth promoting.

Copyright © 2022 Ling Hu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/4820090
PMCID: PMC9060996
PMID: 35509855 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


409. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2022 Apr 25;2022:8615242. doi: 10.1155/2022/8615242. 
eCollection 2022.

Pharmacological Properties of Bergapten: Mechanistic and Therapeutic Aspects.

Quetglas-Llabrés MM(1), Quispe C(2), Herrera-Bravo J(3)(4), Catarino MD(5), 
Pereira OR(6), Cardoso SM(5), Dua K(7), Chellappan DK(8), Pabreja K(9), Satija 
S(9), Mehta M(9), Sureda A(1)(10), Martorell M(11), Satmbekova D(12), 
Yeskaliyeva B(13), Sharifi-Rad J(14), Rasool N(15), Butnariu M(16), Bagiu 
IC(17)(18), Bagiu RV(17)(19), Calina D(20), Cho WC(21).

Author information:
(1)Research Group in Community Nutrition and Oxidative Stress, University of the 
Balearic Islands and Health Research Institute of Balearic Islands (IdISBa), 
07122 Palma de Mallorca, Spain.
(2)Facultad de Ciencias de la Salud, Universidad Arturo Prat, Avda. Arturo Prat 
2120, Iquique 1110939, Chile.
(3)Departamento de Ciencias Básicas, Facultad de Ciencias, Universidad Santo 
Tomas, Chile.
(4)Center of Molecular Biology and Pharmacogenetics, Scientific and 
Technological Bioresource Nucleus, Universidad de La Frontera, Temuco 4811230, 
Chile.
(5)LAQV-REQUIMTE, Department of Chemistry, University of Aveiro, 3810-193 
Aveiro, Portugal.
(6)Centro de Investigação de Montanha (CIMO), Instituto Politécnico de Bragança, 
Campus de Santa Apolónia, 5300-253 Bragança, Portugal.
(7)Discipline of Pharmacy, Graduate School of Health, University of Technology 
Sydney, Ultimo NSW 2007, Australia.
(8)Department of Life Sciences, School of Pharmacy, International Medical 
University, Kuala Lumpur 57000, Malaysia.
(9)School of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Lovely Professional University, Jalandhar, 
Delhi G.T. Road (NH-1), Phagwara, 144411 Punjab, India.
(10)CIBER Physiopathology of Obesity and Nutrition (CIBEROBN), Instituto de 
Salud Carlos III (ISCIII), 28029 Madrid, Spain.
(11)Department of Nutrition and Dietetics, Faculty of Pharmacy, And Centre for 
Healthy Living, University of Concepción, 4070386 Concepción, Chile.
(12)High School of Medicine, Al-Farabi Kazakh National University, Almaty, 
Kazakhstan.
(13)Faculty of Chemistry and Chemical Technology, Al-Farabi Kazakh National 
University, Almaty, Kazakhstan.
(14)Facultad de Medicina, Universidad del Azuay, Cuenca, Ecuador.
(15)Department Pharmacology and Toxicology, University of Veterinary and Animals 
Science, Lahore, Pakistan.
(16)Banat's University of Agricultural Sciences and Veterinary Medicine "King 
Michael I of Romania" from Timisoara, Timisoara, Romania.
(17)Victor Babes University of Medicine and Pharmacy of Timisoara Department of 
Microbiology, Timisoara, Romania.
(18)Multidisciplinary Research Center on Antimicrobial Resistance, Timisoara, 
Romania.
(19)Preventive Medicine Study Center, Timisoara, Romania.
(20)Department of Clinical Pharmacy, University of Medicine and Pharmacy of 
Craiova, 200349 Craiova, Romania.
(21)Department of Clinical Oncology, Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Kowloon, Hong 
Kong.

Retraction in
    Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2024 Jan 9;2024:9849584. doi: 10.1155/2024/9849584.

Bergapten (BP) or 5-methoxypsoralen (5-MOP) is a furocoumarin compound mainly 
found in bergamot essential oil but also in other citrus essential oils and 
grapefruit juice. This compound presents antibacterial, anti-inflammatory, 
hypolipemic, and anticancer effects and is successfully used as a 
photosensitizing agent. The present review focuses on the research evidence 
related to the therapeutic properties of bergapten collected in recent years. 
Many preclinical and in vitro studies have been evidenced the therapeutic action 
of BP; however, few clinical trials have been carried out to evaluate its 
efficacy. These clinical trials with BP are mainly focused on patients suffering 
from skin disorders such as psoriasis or vitiligo. In these trials, the 
administration of BP (oral or topical) combined with UV irradiation induces 
relevant lesion clearance rates. In addition, beneficial effects of bergamot 
extract were also observed in patients with altered serum lipid profiles and in 
people with nonalcoholic fatty liver. On the contrary, there are no clinical 
trials that investigate the possible effects on cancer. Although the 
bioavailability of BP is lower than that of its 8-methoxypsoralen (8-MOP) 
isomer, it has fewer side effects allowing higher concentrations to be 
administered. In conclusion, although the use of BP has therapeutic applications 
on skin disorders as a sensitizing agent and as components of bergamot extract 
as hypolipemic therapy, more trials are necessary to define the doses and 
treatment guidelines and its usefulness against other pathologies such as cancer 
or bacterial infections.

Copyright © 2022 Maria Magdalena Quetglas-Llabrés et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/8615242
PMCID: PMC9060977
PMID: 35509838 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there is no conflict of 
interest regarding the publication of this paper.


410. Oncol Res. 2022 May 4;29(1):79. doi: 10.3727/096504022X16491544361323.

Retraction notice to Downregulation of MicroRNA-147 Inhibits Cell Proliferation 
and Increases the Chemosensitivity of Gastric Cancer Cells to 5-Fluorouracil by 
Directly Targeting PTEN [Oncology Research 26(6) (2018) 901-911].

Shen J(1), Niu W(2), Zhang H(1), Jun M(1), Zhang H(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Anhui Provincial HospitalHefei, AnhuiP.R. 
China.
(2)Department of Oncology, Anhui Cancer HospitalHefei, AnhuiP.R. China.

Retraction of
    Oncol Res. 2018 Jul 5;26(6):901-911. doi: 10.3727/096504017X15061902533715.

DOI: 10.3727/096504022X16491544361323
PMCID: PMC9110673
PMID: 35505494


411. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Nanoscale Res Lett. 2022 May 2;17(1):50. doi: 10.1186/s11671-022-03687-3.

Conductive Gels: Properties and Applications of Nanoelectronics.

Trung ND(1), Huy DTN(2)(3), Jade Catalan Opulencia M(4), Lafta HA(5), Abed 
AM(6), Bokov DO(7)(8), Shomurodov K(9), Van Thuc Master H(10), Thaeer Hammid 
A(11), Kianfar E(12)(13).

Author information:
(1)National Economics University (NEU), Hanoi, Vietnam.
(2)Banking University HCMC, Ho Chi Minh city, Vietnam.
(3)International University of Japan, Niigata, Japan.
(4)College of Business Administration, Ajman University, Ajman, United Arab 
Emirates.
(5)Al-Nisour University College, Baghdad, Iraq.
(6)Department of Air Conditioning and Refrigeration, Al-Mustaqbal University 
College, Babylon, Iraq.
(7)Institute of Pharmacy, Sechenov First Moscow State Medical University, 8 
Trubetskaya St., bldg. 2, Moscow, Russian Federation, 119991.
(8)Laboratory of Food Chemistry, Federal Research Center of Nutrition, 
Biotechnology and Food Safety, 2/14 Ustyinsky pr., Moscow, Russian Federation, 
109240.
(9)Department of Maxillo-Facial Surgery, Tashkent State Dental Institute, 
Makhtumkuli 103, Tashkent, Uzbekistan, 100147.
(10)Thai Nguyen University, University of Information and Communication 
Technology, Thái Nguyên, Vietnam.
(11)Computer Engineering Department, Imam Ja'afar Al-Sadiq University, Baghdad, 
Iraq.
(12)Department of Chemical Engineering, Arak Branch, Islamic Azad University, 
Arak, Iran. e-kianfar94@iau-arak.ac.ir.
(13)Young Researchers and Elite Club, Gachsaran Branch, Islamic Azad University, 
Gachsaran, Iran. e-kianfar94@iau-arak.ac.ir.

Retraction in
    Nanoscale Res Lett. 2022 Nov 14;17(1):108. doi: 10.1186/s11671-022-03746-9.

Conductive gels are a special class of soft materials. They harness the 3D 
micro/nanostructures of gels with the electrical and optical properties of 
semiconductors, producing excellent novel attributes, like the formation of an 
intricate network of conducting micro/nanostructures that facilitates the easy 
movement of charge carriers. Conductive gels encompass interesting properties, 
like adhesion, porosity, swelling, and good mechanical properties compared to 
those of bulk conducting polymers. The porous structure of the gels allows the 
easy diffusion of ions and molecules and the swelling nature provides an 
effective interface between molecular chains and solution phases, whereas good 
mechanical properties enable their practical applications. Due to these 
excellent assets, conductive gels are promising candidates for applications like 
energy conversion and storage, sensors, medical and biodevices, actuators, 
superhydrophobic coatings, etc. Conductive gels offer promising applications, 
e.g., as soft sensors, energy storage, and wearable electronics. Hydrogels with 
ionic species have some potential in this area. However, they suffer from 
dehydration due to evaporation when exposed to the air which limits their 
applications and lifespan. In addition to conductive polymers and organic charge 
transfer complexes, there is another class of organic matter called "conductive 
gels" that are used in the organic nanoelectronics industry. The main features 
of this family of organic materials include controllable photoluminescence, use 
in photon upconversion technology, and storage of optical energy and its 
conversion into electricity. Various parameters change the electronic and 
optical behaviors of these materials, which can be changed by controlling some 
of the structural and chemical parameters of conductive gels, their electronic 
and optical behaviors depending on the applications. If the conjugated molecules 
with π bonds come together spontaneously, in a relative order, to form 
non-covalent bonds, they form a gel-like structure that has photoluminescence 
properties. The reason for this is the possibility of excitation of highest 
occupied molecular orbital level electrons of these molecules due to the 
collision of landing photons and their transfer to the lowest unoccupied 
molecular orbital level. This property can be used in various nanoelectronic 
applications such as field-effect organic transistors, organic solar cells, and 
sensors to detect explosives. In this paper, the general introduction of 
conductive or conjugated gels with π bonds is discussed and some of the physical 
issues surrounding electron excitation due to incident radiation and the 
mobility of charge carriers, the position, and role of conductive gels in each 
of these applications are discussed.

© 2022. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1186/s11671-022-03687-3
PMCID: PMC9061932
PMID: 35499625

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


412. Eur Radiol. 2022 Nov;32(11):8019-8026. doi: 10.1007/s00330-022-08805-4. Epub 
2022 Apr 30.

Radiomics analysis based on lumbar spine CT to detect osteoporosis.

Jiang YW(1), Xu XJ(1), Wang R(1), Chen CM(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Fujian Medical University Union Hospital, No. 29, 
Xin Quan Road, Fuzhou City, 350001, Fujian Province, China.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Fujian Medical University Union Hospital, No. 29, 
Xin Quan Road, Fuzhou City, 350001, Fujian Province, China. cmchen2009@sina.com.

OBJECTIVES: Undiagnosed osteoporosis may lead to severe complications after 
spinal surgery. This study aimed to construct and validate a radiomic signature 
based on CT scans to screen for lumbar spine osteoporosis.
METHODS: Using a stratified random sample method, 386 vertebral bodies were 
randomly divided into a training set (n = 270) and a test set (n = 116). A total 
of 1040 radiomics features were automatically retracted from lumbar spine CT 
scans using the 3D slicer pyradiomics module, and a radiomic signature was 
created. The sensitivity, specificity, accuracy, and area under the receiver 
operating characteristic curve (AUC) of the Hounsfield and radiomics signature 
models were calculated. The AUCs of the two models were compared using the 
DeLong test. Their clinical usefulness was assessed using a decision curve 
analysis.
RESULTS: Twelve features were chosen to establish the radiomic signature. The 
AUCs of the radiomics signature and Hounsfield models were 0.96 and 0.88 in the 
training set and 0.92 and 0.84 in the test set, respectively. According to the 
DeLong test, the AUCs of the two models were significantly different (p < 0.05). 
The radiomics signature model indicated a higher overall net benefit than the 
Hounsfield model, as determined by decision curve analysis.
CONCLUSIONS: The CT-based radiomic signature can differentiate patients 
with/without osteoporosis prior to lumbar spinal surgery. Without additional 
medical cost and radiation exposure, the radiomics method may provide valuable 
information facilitating surgical decision-making.
KEY POINTS: • The goal of the study was to evaluate the efficacy of a radiomics 
signature model based on routine preoperative lumbar spine CT scans in screening 
osteoporosis. • The radiomics signature model demonstrated excellent prediction 
performance in both the training and test sets. • This radiomics method may 
provide valuable information and facilitate surgical decision-making without 
additional medical costs and radiation exposure.

© 2022. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1007/s00330-022-08805-4
PMCID: PMC9059457
PMID: 35499565 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


413. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Apr 21;2022:2580419. doi: 10.1155/2022/2580419. eCollection 
2022.

Expression of CX3CL1 and CCL28 in Spinal Metastases of Lung Adenocarcinoma and 
Their Correlation with Clinical Features and Prognosis.

Li S(1), Liu S(2), Xun J(2), Zhao F(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, the Fourth Hospital of Hebei Medical 
University, Shijiazhuang 050011, Hebei, China.
(2)Department of Orthopedics, the Fourth Hospital of Hebei Medical University, 
Shijiazhuang 050011, Hebei, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Jul 12;2023:9812681. doi: 10.1155/2023/9812681.

Lung adenocarcinoma is the most common non-small-cell lung cancer. In this 
paper, we aim to investigate the expression of chemokine ligand 1 (cx3cl1) and 
chemokine ligand 28 (CCL28) in spinal metastases of lung adenocarcinoma and 
their correlation with clinical features and prognosis. We analyzed the clinical 
data of 40 patients with lung adenocarcinoma and spinal metastases who underwent 
surgery in our hospital from January 2018 to January 2021 retrospectively. The 
expression levels of cx3cl1 and CCL28 in bone metastases were detected by 
immunohistochemistry, and the staining results were sorted and classified. 
Combined with the follow-up results and clinicopathological data, we 
statistically analyzed the expression of cx3cl1 and CCL28 in spinal bone 
metastases and their correlation with prognosis. Among the 40 patients with 
spinal metastasis of lung adenocarcinoma, 7 cases were strongly positive for 
cx3cl1, 25 cases were moderately positive, and 8 cases were weakly positive and 
negative. CCL28 was strongly positive in 9 cases, moderately positive in 26 
cases, weakly positive and negative in 5 cases. The expression of cx3cl1 was 
correlated with ECOG score (P = 0.005) and visceral organ metastasis 
(P = 0.004), but not with age, sex, and the number of bone metastases 
(P > 0.05). The expression of CCL28 was correlated with ECOG score (P = 0.022) 
and visceral organ metastasis (P = 0.003), but not with age, sex, and the number 
of bone metastases (P > 0.05). The OS of patients with strong cx3cl1 positive 
was significantly shorter than that of patients with medium positive and weak 
positive (P < 0.001). The survival time was 10, 7, and 4 months, respectively. 
The OS of patients with strong positive CCL28 was significantly shorter than 
that of patients with medium positive and weak positive CCL28 (P = 0.004). The 
survival time was 12, 8, and 4 months, respectively. Univariate analysis showed 
that ECOG score (P < 0.001), chemotherapy (P = 0.032), visceral organ metastasis 
(P = 0.002), cx3cl1 expression (P < 0.001), and CCL28 expression (P = 0.004) 
were the risk factors of OS. Cox regression analysis showed that the expression 
of cx3cl1 was an independent risk factor for OS in patients with spinal 
metastasis of lung adenocarcinoma (P = 0.044). Cx3cl1 and CCL28 were 
highly/strongly positive in spinal metastases of lung adenocarcinoma. The level 
of cx3cl1 can be used as an index to judge the clinical prognosis of patients 
with spinal metastasis of lung adenocarcinoma, which can better reflect the 
prognosis of patients than CCL28.

Copyright © 2022 Shuguang Li et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2580419
PMCID: PMC9050252
PMID: 35494513 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no potential conflicts of 
interest.


414. Thromb Haemost. 2022 Oct;122(10):1693-1705. doi: 10.1055/a-1837-7797. Epub 2022 
Apr 27.

Inhibition of Hypoxia-Inducible Factor Prolyl-Hydroxylase Modulates Platelet 
Function.

Gu W(1), Qi J(1)(2)(3)(4), Zhang S(5), Ding Y(5), Qiao J(5), Han Y(1)(2)(3)(4).

Author information:
(1)National Clinical Research Center for Hematologic Diseases, The First 
Affiliated Hospital of Soochow University, Jiangsu Institute of Hematology, 
Suzhou, China.
(2)Collaborative Innovation Center of Hematology, Institute of Blood and Marrow 
Transplantation, Soochow University, Suzhou, China.
(3)Key Laboratory of Thrombosis and Hemostasis of Ministry of Health, Suzhou, 
China.
(4)State Key Laboratory of Radiation Medicine and Protection, Soochow 
University, Suzhou, China.
(5)Blood Diseases Institute, Xuzhou Medical University, Xuzhou, China.

Hypoxia-inducible factor-1α (HIF-1α) involves in redox reactions. Considering 
the role of reactive oxygen species (ROS) in platelet function, whether it 
regulates platelet function remains unclear. Using an inhibitor of HIF 
prolyl-hydroxylase, IOX-2, we intend to investigate its effect on platelet 
function. Human platelets were treated with IOX-2 (0, 10, 25, and 50 μM) 
followed by analysis of platelet aggregation, granule secretion, receptor 
expression, platelet spreading, or clot retraction. Additionally, IOX-2 
(10 mg/kg) was injected intraperitoneally into mice to measure tail bleeding 
time and arterial thrombosis. IOX-2 significantly inhibited collagen-related 
peptide (CRP; 0.25 μg/mL) or thrombin (0.03 U/mL)-induced platelet aggregation 
and ATP release dose dependently without affecting P-selectin expression and the 
surface levels of glycoprotein (GP)Ibα, GPVI, or αIIbβ3. In addition, 
IOX-2-treated platelets presented significantly decreased spreading on 
fibrinogen or collagen and clot retraction. Moreover, IOX-2 administration into 
mice significantly impaired the in vivo hemostatic function of platelets and 
arterial thrombus formation without affecting the number of circulating 
platelets and coagulation factors (FVIII and FIX). Further, IOX-2 significantly 
upregulated HIF-1α in platelets, decreased ROS generation, and downregulated 
NOX1 expression. Finally, IOX-2 increased the phosphorylation level of VASP 
(Ser157/239), and inhibited the phosphorylation of p38 (Thr180/Tyr182), ERK1/2 
(Thr202/Tyr204), AKT (Thr308/Ser473), and PKCδ (Thr505) in CRP- or 
thrombin-stimulated platelets. In conclusion, inhibition of HIF 
prolyl-hydroxylase modulates platelet function and arterial thrombus formation, 
possibly through upregulation of HIF-1α expression and subsequent inhibition of 
ROS generation, indicating that HIF-1α might be a novel target for the treatment 
of thrombotic disorders.

Thieme. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1055/a-1837-7797
PMID: 35477177 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: None declared.


415. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Apr 16;2022:1898610. doi: 10.1155/2022/1898610. eCollection 
2022.

Effects of Different Intervention Methods on Intestinal Cleanliness in Children 
Undergoing Colonoscopy.

Yang Y(1)(2), Xiao Y(2), Zhang L(2), Lv J(2), Huang Q(1)(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nursing, Ruijin Hospital Affiliated to Shanghai Jiaotong 
University School of Medicine, Shanghai 200025, China.
(2)Department of Pediatrics, Ruijin Hospital Affiliated to Shanghai Jiaotong 
University School of Medicine, Shanghai 200025, China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Ruijin Hospital Affiliated to Shanghai Jiaotong 
University School of Medicine, Shanghai 200025, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9851285. doi: 10.1155/2023/9851285.

OBJECTIVE: To explore the effects of different intervention methods on 
intestinal cleanliness in children undergoing colonoscopy.
METHODS: 61 children who underwent colonoscopy in our hospital from May 2020 to 
May 2021 were randomly divided into group A (n = 21), group B (n = 30), and 
group C (n = 10). The children in the three groups were intervened in different 
ways before the colonoscopy. Group A received a long-handled Kaiselu +1 
cathartic intervention, while group B received a long-handled Kaiselu +2 
cathartic intervention, and group C received an enema plus one cathartic 
intervention. The patients in the three groups were given the same diet before 
the examination until the examination was completed. The time-related indexes, 
cleanliness, adverse reactions, tolerance, and adaptability of the three groups 
under different dietary interventions and cleaning methods were evaluated.
RESULTS: The first defecation time in group C was lower than that in group A and 
group B, the hospital stay was longer than that in group A and group B (p > 
0.05), and the colonoscopy time in group C was shorter than that in group A and 
group B (p < 0.05). The BBPS score of group C was (2.10 ± 0.32), which was 
significantly higher than that of group A (1.16 ± 0.19) and group B 
(1.77 ± 0.18) (p < 0.05). The BBPS scores of children with liquid food in the 
three groups were significantly higher than those of common food, and the BBPS 
scores of liquid food and common food in group C were significantly higher than 
those in group A and group B (p < 0.05). The incidence of adverse reactions in 
group C was 20.00%, which was significantly lower than 33.33% in group A and 
23.33% in group B (p < 0.05). The proportion of grade I in group C was 50.00%, 
which was significantly higher than 38.10% in group A and 43.33% in group B (p < 
0.05).
CONCLUSION: Children undergoing colonoscopy take preintestinal preparation under 
different diets and intervention methods. The cleanliness of liquid food and 
enema + one-time laxative one day before colonoscopy is the best, which can 
significantly reduce adverse reactions and increase the acceptability and 
adaptability of children. It is worthy of clinical application.

Copyright © 2022 Yirong Yang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/1898610
PMCID: PMC9034936
PMID: 35469232 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


416. Cancer Lett. 2022 Jul 1;537:215680. doi: 10.1016/j.canlet.2022.215680. Epub 2022 
Apr 20.

Retraction notice to "Enhanced AC133-specific CAR T cell therapy induces durable 
remissions in mice with metastatic small cell lung cancer" [Canc. Lett. 520 
(2021) 385-399].

Taromi S(1), Firat E(2), Simonis A(3), Braun LM(4), Apostolova P(4), Elze M(5), 
Passlick B(5), Schumacher A(4), Lagies S(6), Frey A(7), Schmitt-Graeff A(7), 
Burger M(8), Schmittlutz K(4), Follo M(4), von Elverfeldt D(9), Zhu X(10), 
Kammerer B(11), Diederichs S(12), Duyster J(13), Manz MG(3), Niedermann G(14), 
Zeiser R(15).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medicine I, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, Faculty of 
Medicine, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany; University Furtwangen, 
Faculty of Medical and Life Sciences, Campus VS-Schwenningen, Germany. 
Electronic address: sanaz.taromi@uniklinik-freiburg.de.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Faculty of Medicine, University of 
Freiburg, Germany.
(3)Department of Medical Oncology and Hematology and Oncology, Zurich University 
and University Hospital Medical Center Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland.
(4)Department of Medicine I, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, Faculty of 
Medicine, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.
(5)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, 
Faculty of Medicine, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.
(6)Center for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, 
Freiburg, Germany; Institute of Biology II, Albert-Ludwigs-University Freiburg, 
Freiburg, Germany; Spemann Graduate School of Biology and Medicine, 
Albert-Ludwigs-University Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.
(7)Department of Pathology, Freiburg University Medical Center, 
Albert-Ludwigs-University (ALU) Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.
(8)Department of Medicine I, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, Faculty of 
Medicine, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany; University Furtwangen, 
Faculty of Medical and Life Sciences, Campus VS-Schwenningen, Germany.
(9)Medical Physics, Freiburg University Medical Center, Faculty of Medicine, 
Albert-Ludwigs-University (ALU) Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.
(10)Shanghai Institute for Advanced Immunochemical Studies (SIAIS), Shanghai 
Tech University, Shanghai, China.
(11)Center for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, 
Freiburg, Germany; Institute of Biology II, Albert-Ludwigs-University Freiburg, 
Freiburg, Germany; Spemann Graduate School of Biology and Medicine, 
Albert-Ludwigs-University Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany; BIOSS Center for 
Biological Signalling Studies, University of Freiburg, Germany.
(12)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, 
Faculty of Medicine, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany; German Cancer 
Consortium (DKTK), Freiburg, Germany; German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(13)Department of Medicine I, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, Faculty 
of Medicine, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany; German Cancer Consortium 
(DKTK), Freiburg, Germany; German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), Heidelberg, 
Germany.
(14)Department of Radiation Oncology, Faculty of Medicine, University of 
Freiburg, Germany; German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), Freiburg, Germany; German 
Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), Heidelberg, Germany.
(15)Department of Medicine I, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, Faculty 
of Medicine, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany; BIOSS Center for 
Biological Signalling Studies, University of Freiburg, Germany; Signalling 
Research Centres BIOSS and CIBSS - Centre for Integrative Biological Signalling 
Studies, University of Freiburg, Germany.

Retraction of
    Cancer Lett. 2021 Nov 1;520:385-399. doi: 10.1016/j.canlet.2021.08.012.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal 
(https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal). This 
article has been retracted at the request of the Editor-in-Chief. Following the 
publication of the above article, the Editor was notified that an error occurred 
in which all images were published with incorrect versions. The Editor has taken 
the decision that the manuscript is no longer acceptable in its current form, 
nor with a corrigendum, as the extensive changes to the figures and publication 
would lead to ambiguity for our readers. We have therefore made the decision to 
retract this manuscript from Cancer Letters with the possibility of resubmission 
and republication of the manuscript in its corrected form after peer review.

Copyright © 2022 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.canlet.2022.215680
PMID: 35461758


417. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Oncol. 2022 Apr 11;2022:9119245. doi: 10.1155/2022/9119245. eCollection 2022.

Hyperfractionation versus Conventional Fractionation of Preoperative 
Intensity-Modulated Radiotherapy with Oral Capecitabine in Locally Advanced 
Mid-Low Rectal Cancer: A Propensity Score Matching Study.

Shi C(1), Zhang Y(1), Li Y(1), Geng J(1), Zhu X(1), Wang H(1), Cai Y(1), Wang 
W(1).

Author information:
(1)Key Laboratory of Carcinogenesis and Translational Research (Ministry of 
Education/Beijing), Department of Radiation Oncology, Peking University Cancer 
Hospital and Institute, Beijing 100142, China.

Retraction in
    J Oncol. 2023 Jul 12;2023:9892163. doi: 10.1155/2023/9892163.

PURPOSE: In theory, the hyperfractionated radiotherapy can enhance biological 
effect dose against tumor and alleviate normal tissue toxicity. This study is to 
assess the efficacy and safety of preoperative hyperfractionated 
intensity-modulated radiotherapy (IMRT) with oral capecitabine in patients with 
locally advanced rectal cancer (LARC).
METHODS: We retrospectively screened patients with LARC from January 2015 to 
June 2016. Patients that received hyperfractionated IMRT or conventional 
fractionated IMRT were eligible in the hyperfractionation (HF) group or 
conventional fractionation (CF) group, respectively. The primary outcome was the 
complete response rate. Secondary outcomes included toxicity, postoperative 
complications, anus-reservation operation rate, local recurrence and distant 
metastases rate, overall survival (OS), cancer-specific survival (CSS), and 
disease-free survival (DFS).
RESULTS: 335 patients were included in the analysis. The complete response rate 
for the hyperfractionated and conventional fractionated IMRT was 20.41% vs. 
23.47% (P = 0.583). The anus-reservation operation rate was 68.37% vs. 65.31% (P 
= 0.649). There were no cases of grade 4 toxicity during radiotherapy; the rate 
of grade 3 toxicity and postoperative complications was both comparable between 
groups. However, in the CF group, more patients had a second operation due to 
complications (0.0% vs. 5.68%, P = 0.011). The cumulative local regional 
recurrence and distant metastases rates of the HF group and CF group were 5.10% 
vs. 9.18% (P = 0.267) and 22.45% vs. 24.49% (P = 0.736), respectively. The 
5-year OS, CSS, and DFS in the HF group and CF group were 86.45% vs. 73.30% (P = 
0.503), 87.34% vs. 75.23% (P = 0.634), and 70.80% vs. 68.11% (P = 0.891), 
respectively.
CONCLUSIONS: The preoperative hyperfractionated IMRT with oral capecitabine, 
with an acceptable toxicity and favorable response and survival, could reduce 
the rate of secondary surgery.

Copyright © 2022 Chen Shi et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9119245
PMCID: PMC9015848
PMID: 35444702

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


418. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Fluoresc. 2022 Jul;32(4):1435-1441. doi: 10.1007/s10895-022-02943-0. Epub 2022 
Apr 20.

Fresh hetero-metallic compound as luminescent sensor for detection of CS(2) and 
inhibitory activity on children diabetes.

Sun WH(1), Ye B(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Emergency, Jinan Children's Hospital, Qilu Children's Hospital 
of Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong, China.
(2)Department of Emergency, Jinan Children's Hospital, Qilu Children's Hospital 
of Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong, China. Yebing2021@126.com.

Retraction in
    J Fluoresc. 2023 Jul;33(4):1675. doi: 10.1007/s10895-023-03173-8.

The combination of the dicarboxylate ligand of 2-aminoterephthalic acid (H2L), 
Cd(NO3)2·4H2O, and KNO3 under hydrothermal condition formed a fresh 
hetero-metallic coordination polymer, namely, [CdK2(L)2(H2O)4]n (1). The 
compound exhibited a high luminescence intensity at normal environment as well 
as high sensitivity and selectivity in the measurement of CS2. The effect of the 
fresh compound on childhood diabetes was investigated. A blood glucose monitor 
was utilized to assess the blood glucose level of the body after the addition of 
the compound. Moreover, the relative expression level of the insulin recipient 
on hepatocytes was assessed by real time RT-PCR.

© 2022. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business 
Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature.

DOI: 10.1007/s10895-022-02943-0
PMID: 35441923 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


419. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Apr 6;2022:8524951. doi: 10.1155/2022/8524951. 
eCollection 2022.

Study on the Mechanism of Action of Paclitaxel-Loaded Polylactic-co-glycolic 
Acid Nanoparticles in Non-Small-Cell Lung Carcinoma Cells.

Zuo Y(1), Shen W(1), Wang L(1), Wang C(2), Pu J(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Aspiration Medicine, Lianshui County People's Hospital, 
Lianshui, Huaian 223400, Jiangsu, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Lianshui County People's Hospital, Lianshui, 
Huaian 223400, Jiangsu, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jun 28;2023:9867605. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9867605.

OBJECTIVE: To study effective carriers that can enhance the antitumor effect of 
paclitaxel (PTX).
METHODS: PTX-loaded polylactic-co-glycolic acid (PLGA) nanoparticles (NPs) 
(PTX-PLGA NPs), constructed using the emulsification solvent evaporation method, 
were characterized by scanning electron microscopy and dynamic light scattering. 
Non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) cells were divided into the dimethyl 
sulfoxide (DMSO) group, PLGA NPs group, PTX group, and PTX-PLGA NPs group. Cell 
viability was detected by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium 
bromide (MTT), cell apoptosis was determined by flow cytometry, and cell 
migration and invasion were assessed using Transwell assay.
RESULTS: PTX-PLGA NPs were smooth in the surface and spherical in shape, with a 
particle size of 268 ± 1.3 nm. Both PTX and PTX-PLGA NPs could effectively 
inhibit the activity of A549 and H1650 cells. At 12 and 24 h, PTX-PLGA NPs 
presented weaker inhibition on the activity of NSCLC cells than PTX, but at 48 
and 72 h, PTX-PLGA NPs presented stronger inhibition. Compared with PTX, 
PTX-PLGA NPs were more effective in enhancing apoptosis and inhibiting migration 
and invasion of NSCLC cells.
CONCLUSION: With good sustained release and the ability to promote cellular 
uptake, PTX-PLGA NPs can strongly inhibit the malignant activities of NSCLC 
cells, which can be used as a promising drug carrier.

Copyright © 2022 Yangsong Zuo et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/8524951
PMCID: PMC9007685
PMID: 35432585 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


420. Front Immunol. 2022 Mar 30;13:899504. doi: 10.3389/fimmu.2022.899504. 
eCollection 2022.

Retraction: Podophyllotoxin and Rutin Modulate M1 (iNOS+) Macrophages and 
Mitigate Lethal Radiation (LR) Induced Inflammatory Responses in Mice.

Frontiers Editorial Office.

Retraction of
    Front Immunol. 2019 Feb 12;10:106. doi: 10.3389/fimmu.2019.00106.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.3389/fimmu.2019.00106.].

Copyright © 2022 Frontiers Editorial Office.

DOI: 10.3389/fimmu.2022.899504
PMCID: PMC9006977
PMID: 35432305


421. Arch Pharm (Weinheim). 2022 Jul;355(7):e2200024. doi: 10.1002/ardp.202200024. 
Epub 2022 Apr 15.

New pyrimidine/thiazole hybrids endowed with analgesic, anti-inflammatory, and 
lower cardiotoxic activities: Design, synthesis, and COX-2/sEH dual inhibition.

Abdel-Aziz SA(1)(2), Taher ES(3), Lan P(4), El-Koussi NA(2)(5), Salem OIA(6), 
Gomaa HAM(7), Youssif BGM(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pharmaceutical Medicinal Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmacy, 
Al-Azhar University, Assiut, Egypt.
(2)Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmacy, Deraya 
University, Minia, Egypt.
(3)Department of Pharmaceutical Organic Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmacy, Al-Azhar 
University, Assiut, Egypt.
(4)Institute for Advanced and Applied Chemical Synthesis, Jinan University, 
Guangzhou, China.
(5)Department of Pharmaceutical Medicinal Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmacy, Assiut 
University, Assiut, Egypt.
(6)Department of Pharmaceutical Organic Chemistry, Faculty of Pharmacy, Assiut 
University, Assiut, Egypt.
(7)Pharmacology Department, College of Pharmacy, Jouf University, Sakaka, Saudi 
Arabia.

Some cyclooxygenase (COX)-2 selective medications were withdrawn from the market 
just a few years after their production due to cardiovascular side effects. In 
this study, a new series of pyrimidine/thiazole hybrids 7a-p was synthesized as 
selective COX-2/soluble epoxide hydrolase (sEH) inhibitors with analgesic and 
anti-inflammatory effects, and lower cardiotoxicity effects. The target 
compounds were synthesized and in vitro tested against COX-1, COX-2, and sEH 
enzymes. Hybrids 7j, 7k, and 7i showed the greatest COX-2-inhibitory activity 
and were discovered to be the most potent dual COX-2/sEH inhibitors. In vivo 
tests revealed that these hybrids were the most active 
analgesic/anti-inflammatory agents, with improved ulcerogenic and 
cardioprotective properties. Finally, the most active dual inhibitors were 
docked into COX-2/sEH active regions to explain their binding mechanisms.

© 2022 Deutsche Pharmazeutische Gesellschaft.

DOI: 10.1002/ardp.202200024
PMID: 35429006 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


422. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Apr 5;2022:4998997. doi: 10.1155/2022/4998997. eCollection 
2022.

Dosimetric Comparison between Volumetric Modulated Arc Therapy (VMAT) and 
Intensity-Modulated Radiotherapy (IMRT) for Dental Structures of Head and Neck 
Cancer Patients.

Ma Y(1), Zhou J(2), Wang H(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun 130041, Jilin, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Shenzhen Hospital of Southern Medical 
University, Shenzhen, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2022 Dec 8;2022:9828463. doi: 10.1155/2022/9828463.

BACKGROUND: This retrospective study aimed to evaluate the radiation dose 
delivered to dental structures in intensity-modulated radiotherapy (IMRT) and 
volumetric modulated arc therapy (VMAT) without dental dose constraints, compare 
the dosimetry differences of dental structures between the two radiation 
techniques, and determine whether dental structures should be one of the organs 
at risk for IMRT and VMAT plans according to the dosimetric analysis.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 138 head and neck cancer patients 
(nasopharyngeal, oral cavity, pharyngeal, hypopharynx, and larynx), who 
underwent IMRT (69 patients) or VMAT (69 patients) from March 2016 to March 2021 
in our hospital, were included to assess the dosimetry difference between two 
radiotherapy techniques for dental structures.
RESULTS: The radiation dose delivered by IMRT and the mean maximum doses 
delivered by VMAT to the maxillary teeth of nasopharyngeal cancer patients were 
significantly higher than the dose received by the mandibular teeth. In 
contrast, the mandibular teeth of oral cavity cancer, oropharynx cancer, and 
laryngeal cancer received higher radiation doses than maxillary teeth. Except 
for mandibular teeth of oral cancer patients, the molars received significantly 
high-dose radiation than premolars and/or incisors in both radiotherapy 
techniques. No significant difference was observed between IMRT and VMAT in the 
dosimetric comparison of dental structures, except that oral cavity cancer 
patients treated with VMAT received a significantly higher mean average dose 
than those treated with IMRT. When PTV included level Ib, the radiation doses of 
the mandibular teeth delivered by both radiotherapy techniques were 
significantly higher than that in PTV when level Ib was excluded.
CONCLUSION: Without dental dose constraints, no major difference was observed 
between IMRT and VMAT plans in tooth dose distribution. We suggest that dental 
structures should be delineated as part of the organ at risk (OAR) when IMRT and 
VMAT are planned. Meanwhile, attention should be paid to dental structures that 
might have a high-dose area according to the specific tumor location.

Copyright © 2022 Yan Ma et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/4998997
PMCID: PMC9005284
PMID: 35422981 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no potential conflicts of 
interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this 
article.


423. Sci Robot. 2022 Apr 13;7(65):eabg9907. doi: 10.1126/scirobotics.abg9907. Epub 
2022 Apr 13.

Telerobotic neurovascular interventions with magnetic manipulation.

Kim Y(1), Genevriere E(1), Harker P(2)(3), Choe J(1), Balicki M(4), Regenhardt 
RW(2), Vranic JE(2), Dmytriw AA(2), Patel AB(2), Zhao X(1)(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Mechanical Engineering, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 
Cambridge, MA, USA.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard 
Medical School, Boston, MA, USA.
(3)Department of Neurology and Rehabilitation Medicine, University of Cincinnati 
College of Medicine, Cincinnati, OH, USA.
(4)Philips Research North America, Cambridge, MA, USA.
(5)Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA.

Advances in robotic technology have been adopted in various subspecialties of 
both open and minimally invasive surgery, offering benefits such as enhanced 
surgical precision and accuracy with reduced fatigue of the surgeon. Despite the 
advantages, robotic applications to endovascular neurosurgery have remained 
largely unexplored because of technical challenges such as the miniaturization 
of robotic devices that can reach the complex and tortuous vasculature of the 
brain. Although some commercial systems enable robotic manipulation of 
conventional guidewires for coronary and peripheral vascular interventions, they 
remain unsuited for neurovascular applications because of the considerably 
smaller and more tortuous anatomy of cerebral arteries. Here, we present a 
teleoperated robotic neurointerventional platform based on magnetic 
manipulation. Our system consists of a magnetically controlled guidewire, a 
robot arm with an actuating magnet to steer the guidewire, a set of motorized 
linear drives to advance or retract the guidewire and a microcatheter, and a 
remote-control console to operate the system under real-time fluoroscopy. We 
demonstrate our system's capability to navigate narrow and winding pathways both 
in vitro with realistic neurovascular phantoms representing the human anatomy 
and in vivo in the porcine brachial artery with accentuated tortuosity for 
preclinical evaluation. We further demonstrate telerobotically assisted 
therapeutic procedures including coil embolization and clot retrieval 
thrombectomy for treating cerebral aneurysms and ischemic stroke, respectively. 
Our system could enable safer and quicker access to hard-to-reach lesions while 
minimizing the radiation exposure to physicians and open the possibility of 
remote procedural services to address challenges in current stroke systems of 
care.

DOI: 10.1126/scirobotics.abg9907
PMCID: PMC9254892
PMID: 35417201 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


424. J Chem Inf Model. 2022 Apr 25;62(8):1830-1839. doi: 10.1021/acs.jcim.2c00256. 
Epub 2022 Apr 11.

HergSPred: Accurate Classification of hERG Blockers/Nonblockers with 
Machine-Learning Models.

Zhang X(1), Mao J(1), Wei M(1), Qi Y(2), Zhang JZH(1)(3)(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Shanghai Engineering Research Center of Molecular Therapeutics and New Drug 
Development, School of Chemistry and Molecular Engineering, East China Normal 
University at Shanghai, Shanghai 200062, China.
(2)Department of Medicinal Chemistry, School of Pharmacy, Fudan University, 
Shanghai 201203, China.
(3)CAS Key Laboratory of Quantitative Engineering Biology, Shenzhen Institute of 
Synthetic Biology, Shenzhen Institute of Advanced Technology, Chinese Academy of 
Sciences, Shenzhen 518055, China.
(4)Faculty of Synthetic Biology, Shenzhen Institute of Advanced Technology, 
Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shenzhen 518055, China.
(5)NYU-ECNU Center for Computational Chemistry at NYU, Shanghai 200062, China.

The human ether-à-go-go-related gene (hERG) K+ channel plays an important role 
in cardiac action potentials. The inhibition of the hERG channel may lead to 
long QT syndrome (LQTS) and even sudden cardiac death. Due to severe 
hERG-related cardiotoxicity, many drugs have been withdrawn from the market. 
Therefore, it is necessary to estimate the chemical blockade of hERG in the 
early stage of drug discovery. In this study, we collected 12,850 compounds with 
hERG inhibition data from the literature and trained a series of hERG blocking 
classification models based on the MACCS and Morgan fingerprints. A consensus 
model named HergSPred was generated based on the individual models using voting 
principles. The accuracy of HergSPred is higher than previous models using 
identical training and test sets. Moreover, we analyzed the contribution of each 
input fingerprint to the prediction output to obtain intuitive chemical insights 
into the hERG inhibition, which allows visualization of warning substructures 
that may cause cardiotoxicity in the input compound. The model is available at 
http://www.icdrug.com/ICDrug/T.

DOI: 10.1021/acs.jcim.2c00256
PMID: 35404051 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


425. J Cosmet Dermatol. 2022 Oct;21(10):4523-4535. doi: 10.1111/jocd.14982. Epub 2022 
May 2.

Clinical study of Asian skin changes after application of a sunscreen 
formulation containing grape seed extract.

Yarovaya L(1), Waranuch N(2), Wisuitiprot W(2), Khunkitti W(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pharmaceutical Technology, Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, 
Khon Kaen University, Khon Kaen, Thailand.
(2)Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Cosmetics, Natural Products Research 
Center, Naresuan University, Phitsanulok, Thailand.

BACKGROUND: Asian skin undergoing chronological aging, accumulates signs of 
photoaging mediated by prolonged exposure to ultraviolet (UV) radiation. 
Although sunscreens are effective in preventing signs of photoaging, 
polyphenol-rich extracts, for example, grape seed extract (GSE) can provide 
additional protection through the broad spectrum of biological activities.
AIMS: To access the effectiveness of a sunscreen formulation containing GSE as 
an important cosmetic ingredient for the improvement of age-related changes in 
Asian skin using noninvasive evaluation techniques.
METHODS: Noninvasive methods were used to assess changes in the biophysical 
properties corresponding to aging signs including melanin and erythema indices, 
color parameters of the CIE L*a*b* system, elasticity, and hydration of the 
forearm skin before and after applying the sunscreen with GSE. In addition, to 
confirm the effectiveness of the tested product, we compared it with benchmark 
sunscreen, and a cream base containing either GSE or UV filters.
RESULTS: Twice-daily application of sunscreen containing 3% GSE significantly 
reduced the level of melanin and erythema and improved overall skin tone. The 
hydration was drastically increased after 3 h of wearing formulation and was 
maintained relatively high for 5 h. Skin elasticity parameters, including 
Young's modulus, retraction time, and viscoelasticity, improved in participants 
of all age categories (35-59 years). Moreover, sunscreen with GSE, as acclaimed 
by participants, improved overall skin appearance.
CONCLUSIONS: The balancing potential of GSE on the skin, combined with the 
photoprotective properties of UV filters demonstrated an added value as an 
anti-aging agent and proved efficacy for both photo- and chronologically-aged 
Asian skin.

© 2022 Wiley Periodicals LLC.

DOI: 10.1111/jocd.14982
PMID: 35403355 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


426. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 30;2022:5786630. doi: 10.1155/2022/5786630. eCollection 
2022.

Based on the Auxiliary Effect of X-Ray in the Treatment of Severe Pneumonia in 
Children with Arterial and Venous Blood Gas.

Guo H(1), Zhang H(1), Li F(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pediatric, Ji'an Matemal and Child Health Hospital, Jian 
343000, Jiangxi, China.
(2)Department of Radiology, Ji'an Matemal and Child Health Hospital, Jian 
343000, Jiangxi, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Oct 11;2023:9865036. doi: 10.1155/2023/9865036.

Pediatric severe pneumonia clinical is a conceptual term for the diagnosis and 
treatment of pediatric clinical diseases. At present, domestic and foreign 
standards for clinical diagnosis of severe pneumonia, which is a childhood 
disease, are still inconsistent. At present, the first book of the main 
pediatric medical textbook in the society interprets the clinical definition of 
severe pneumonia in children as follows: severe pneumonia refers to pulmonary 
function in heart failure or other comorbidities in other important organs 
except the lung. This article is based on X-ray medical film and television 
examinations, through the analysis of arterial and venous blood gas in children 
with severe pneumonia to play a certain role in adjuvant therapy for children 
with pneumonia. Prospective clinical studies have found significant changes in 
the function of auxiliary coagulation and blood fibrinolysis indicators in 
patients with severe pneumonia in late childhood. The obvious difference between 
the pretreatment and the late-stage treatment for 1 week and the direct 
influence on the blood gas quantitative analysis and liver function of advanced 
patients provide a scientific basis for the diagnosis of typical advanced 
childhood severe pneumonia patients with adjuvant anticoagulant therapy. The 
data analysis of the clinical laboratory found that the blood coagulation and 
fibrinolysis functions of the typical patients with severe pneumonia in the 
typical late stage of childhood were significantly activated, and the 
anticoagulant antibody substances were significantly reduced, fibrinolytic 
coagulation inhibitors and anticoagulants are significantly increased, 
fibrinolytic activators are significantly reduced, and the body is in a 
procoagulant state for a long time. Adjuvant anticoagulation therapy through 
quantitative analysis of blood gas in patients can not only effectively increase 
the success rate of early treatment of typical late-stage severe pneumonia in 
children by 64.28% but also significantly reduce the inflammatory coagulation 
indexes of patients with late-stage severe pneumonia in children. The functions 
of coagulation, anticoagulation, and coagulation fibrinolysis have been 
significantly restored. The advantages of X-ray-based adjuvant treatment of 
severe pneumonia in children with arteriovenous blood gas are good contrast, 
clear imaging, and clear development of fine lesions or thick parts, and 
objective records are kept for comparison during review and consultation and 
discussion. The disadvantage is that the operation is more complicated, and it 
is not convenient to observe the activity function of the organ.

Copyright © 2022 Hui Guo et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5786630
PMCID: PMC8986414
PMID: 35399849 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


427. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 27;2022:1560438. doi: 10.1155/2022/1560438. eCollection 
2022.

Deep Scale-Variant Network for Femur Trochanteric Fracture Classification with 
HP Loss.

Kang Y(1), Ren Z(1), Zhang Y(1), Zhang A(2), Xu W(3), Zhang G(2), Dong Q(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Orthopaedics, Tianjin Hospital, Tianjin 300211, China.
(2)School of Optical-Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Shanghai 
for Science and Technology, Shanghai 200093, China.
(3)School of Computer Science, The University of Manchester, M14 5ta, 
Manchester, UK.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9895710. doi: 10.1155/2023/9895710.

Achieving automatic classification of femur trochanteric fracture from the edge 
computing device is of great importance and value for remote diagnosis and 
treatment. Nevertheless, designing a highly accurate classification model on 
31A1/31A2/31A3 fractures from the X-ray is still limited due to the failure of 
capturing the scale-variant and contextual information. As a result, this paper 
proposes a deep scale-variant (DSV) network with a hybrid and progressive (HP) 
loss function to aggregate more influential representations of the fracture 
regions. More specifically, the DSV network is based on the ResNet and 
integrated with the designed scale-variant (SV) layer and HP loss, where the SV 
layer aims to enhance the representation ability to extract the scale-variant 
features, and HP loss is intended to force the network to condense more 
contextual clues. Furthermore, to evaluate the effect of the proposed DSV 
network, we carry out a series of experiments on the real X-ray images for 
comparison and evaluation, and the experimental results demonstrate that the 
proposed DSV network could outperform other classification methods on this 
classification task.

Copyright © 2022 Yuxiang Kang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/1560438
PMCID: PMC8977323
PMID: 35388324 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


428. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cancer Res Ther. 2022 Jan-Mar;18(1):66-71. doi: 10.4103/jcrt.JCRT_114_20.

Is fractionated robotic stereotactic body radiosurgery optional salvage 
treatment for the re-irradiation of locally recurrent nasopharyngeal carcinoma?

Dogan OY(1), Yaprak G(1), Ozyurt H(1), Bicakci BC(1), Demircioglu F(1), Algul 
E(1), Isik N(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Kartal Dr. Lutfi Kirdar Training and 
Research Hospital, Saglik Bilimleri University, Istanbul, Turkey.

Retraction in
    J Cancer Res Ther. 2023 Jul-Sep;19(3):848. doi: 10.4103/0973-1482.381627.

PURPOSE: Recurrent nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) after previous radiation 
therapy is a significant problem. This study was to determine the potential 
benefits from re-irradiation by fractionated stereotactic body radiotherapy 
(FSRT) on survival benefits and effects of severe late toxicities.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Between 2009 and 2018, treatment outcomes were evaluated 
retrospectively in 26 patients with locally recurrent NPC treated using FSRT 
with CyberKnife. Five patients who had metastatic disease and one who had second 
recurrence were excluded from the study, and the remaining 20 patients were 
analyzed. The median age was 52 years (range, 28-80 years); re-treatment T stage 
was as follows: 6 (30%) - T2, 5 (25%) - T3, and 9 (45%) - T4. The median time 
from initial RT to recurrence was 22 months (range, 8-159 months). The median 
re-irradiation FSRT dose was 30 Gy in 5 fractions.
RESULTS: The median follow-up was 44 months; the overall survival (OS), local 
failure-free survival, and disease progression-free survival rates at 3 years 
were 89%, 73%, and 53%, respectively. All patients were evaluated for response 
after treatment: 9 (45%) had complete, 3 (15%) had partial, and 6 (30%) had no 
response. Univariate analysis demonstrated that higher cumulative total 
radiotherapy dose, gross tumor volume, and recurrent time interval were 
prognostic factors for local failure-free survival. The recurrent time interval 
was also an independent factor for progression-free survival and OS. The 
incidence of temporal lobe necrosis and trismus was 10% and 20%, respectively. 
One patient had Grade 5 toxicity to treatment-related bleeding.
CONCLUSION: Tumor dose coverage is important for treating recurrent NPC, and 
treatment-related mortality was vascular in nature. FSRT is a promising 
treatment modality for recurrent NPC.

DOI: 10.4103/jcrt.JCRT_114_20
PMID: 35381763 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: None


429. Insights Imaging. 2022 Apr 5;13(1):65. doi: 10.1186/s13244-022-01213-8.

MRI appearances of hepatic epithelioid hemangioendothelioma: a retrospective 
study of 57 patients.

Liu X(#)(1), Yu H(#)(2), Zhang Z(1), Si S(1), Huang J(1), Tan H(1), Teng F(3), 
Yang Z(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Hepatobiliary Surgery, China-Japan Friendship Hospital, 2 
Yinghua Dongjie, Hepingli, Beijing, 100029, China.
(2)Department of Radiology, China-Japan Friendship Hospital, Beijing, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, China-Japan Friendship Hospital, 2 Yinghua 
Dongjie, Hepingli, Beijing, 100029, China. tfeng0611@126.com.
(4)Department of Hepatobiliary Surgery, China-Japan Friendship Hospital, 2 
Yinghua Dongjie, Hepingli, Beijing, 100029, China. yangzhy@aliyun.com.
(#)Contributed equally

BACKGROUND: Hepatic epithelioid hemangioendothelioma (HEH) is extremely rare and 
the MRI features have never been investigated in a large group of patients.
METHODS: A retrospective study was designed to review the MRI images of HEH 
patients. Two radiologists separately evaluated signal intensity (SI) on 
unenhanced imaging, morphological features, contrast-enhancement pattern at 
dynamic study. The MRI features were compared between patients with HEH and 
hepatic metastatic tumor (HMT).
RESULTS: Fifty-seven HEH patients were included in this study and a total of 412 
lesions were evaluated. On per-lesion analysis, the rate of coalescent lesion 
and subcapsular lesion were 18.2% and 39.8%, respectively. Capsular retraction 
and lollipop sign were observed in 47 lesions (11.4%) and 60 lesions (14.6%), 
respectively. Large lesions (> 5 cm) had the highest rate of coalescent lesion, 
subcapsular lesion, capsular retraction and lollipop sign. Target sign appeared 
in 196 lesions (47.6%) on T2 weighted (T2W) and 146 lesions (35.4%) on portal 
phase. Medium lesions (2-5 cm) had the highest rate of target sign on both T2W 
(72.9%) and portal phase (55.2%). On per-patient analysis, compare with HEH 
patients, HMT patients seldom had the appearance of lollipop sign (66.7% versus 
6.4%, p < 0.01), capsular retraction (59.6% versus 3.2%, p < 0.01) and target 
appearance on both T2Wand portal phase (64.9% versus 12.7%, p < 0.01).
CONCLUSION: MRI features of HEH correlated with the lesion size. Capsular 
retraction, lollipop sign and coexistence of target sign on both T2W and portal 
phase were relatively specific MRI features of HEH, which could be helpful in 
suggesting the diagnosis.

© 2022. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1186/s13244-022-01213-8
PMCID: PMC8982790
PMID: 35380293

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


430. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Appl Bionics Biomech. 2022 Mar 23;2022:8394049. doi: 10.1155/2022/8394049. 
eCollection 2022.

Clinical Study of Sentinel Lymph Node Detection to Evaluate Pelvic Lymph Node 
Metastasis to Determine the Prognosis of Patients with Early Cervical Cancer.

Li P(1)(2), Feng S(1), Zhou G(1), Zhang L(1), Sheng X(1)(3), Li D(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gynecologic Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital and Institute, 
Shandong First Medical University and Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences, 
Jinan 250117, China.
(2)Department of Maternity, Jinan Maternal and Child Health Hospital Affiliated 
to Shandong First Medical University, Jinan 250001, China.
(3)National Cancer Center, National Clinical Research Center for Cancer and 
Cancer Hospital & Shenzhen Hospital Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, Peking 
Union Medical College, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518116, China.

Retraction in
    Appl Bionics Biomech. 2022 Dec 25;2022:9821939. doi: 10.1155/2022/9821939.

OBJECTIVE: Lymph node status is one of the most important prognostic factors for 
uterine cervical cancer. Sentinel lymph node (SLN) biopsy has emerged as a 
potential alternative to systematic lymphadenectomy for the lymph node mapping 
in such patients. However, the SLN metastasis detection via SLN biopsy in 
early-stage cervical cancer remains controversial. The current study is aimed at 
investigating the feasibility and accuracy of combined tracer method for 
localization of SLN in initial stages of cervical cancer and to evaluate the 
clinical value of SLN biopsy in replacing pelvic lymph node resection.
METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed 348 cases who were admitted to the 
Department of Gynecologic Oncology, Shandong Provincial Cancer Hospital, China, 
between February 2003 and June 2018 with FIGO stage IA2 to IIA2 cervical cancer 
and undergone through SLN biopsy. Methylthioninium chloride was injected in 
combination with 99mtechnetium-labeled sulfur colloid prior to surgery to these 
patients. SLNs were identified intraoperatively, excised, and subsequently 
submitted to fast frozen section. The detection rates, accuracy, sensitivity, 
coincidence rate, false negative rate, and negative predictive values of these 
cases were estimated, and the follow-up outcomes were carefully observed. Chi 
squared test or Fisher's exact test was employed for a comparison of the 
categorical variables. Univariate and multivariate Cox proportional hazard 
models were used for estimation of relationships between overall survival (OS) 
and disease-free survival (DFS) and prognostic factors.
RESULTS: The total detection rate of SLN was 97.1% (338/348), and identification 
of bilateral SLN was successful in 237 patients (70.1%). The patient's tumor 
size, FIGO stage, lymph node metastasis, and depth of invasion had statistically 
significant differences in SLN detection rates. The detection rate had inverse 
relation with tumors size (>4 cm), invasive depth > 2/3, lymph node positive, 
late staging, and preoperative radiotherapy. 117 positive SLNs were detected in 
73 patients. The negative predictive value, sensitivity, false negative rate, 
and coincidence rate and were 97.7%, 92.4%, 7.6%, and 95.4%, respectively. In 
patients whose tumor size were ≦ 4 cm, the false negative rate was 4.55% (2/44), 
whereas it was 0 in patients with tumor size≦2 cm. The respective 1, 3, and 
5-year OS was 100%, 94.8%, and 91.8%, respectively, whereas DFS rate for 1, 3, 
and 5 years was 96.7%, 92%, and 89.6%, respectively. The lymph node was 
positive, tumor size, the depth of invasion, and staging were statistically 
different from the recurrence rate and survival rate of patients (p < 0.05). 
When tumor metastasis exceeded SLN, the recurrence rate was significantly 
increased, and survival rate is significantly reduced (p < 0.05, p < 0.01, p < 
0.05, respectively).
CONCLUSIONS: The identification of SLN combined with 99mtechnetium-labeled 
sulfur colloid and methylthioninium chloride has a good accuracy and is safe for 
the assessment of the status of pelvic nodes in patients with initial stage 
cervical cancer. Nuclide as a tracer has low dependence on objective conditions 
and doctors' technology and has a good detection rate. In our study, we believe 
that SLN biopsy is feasible when the tumor is ≦ 4 cm. Large scale clinical 
trials are required in China expand the sample size and validate the results of 
this study.

Copyright © 2022 Peipei Li et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/8394049
PMCID: PMC8967555
PMID: 35369006

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


431. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 24;2022:2608633. doi: 10.1155/2022/2608633. eCollection 
2022.

The Relationship between Ultrasonographic Features of Hepatocellular Carcinoma 
and the Severity of Hepatocellular Carcinoma and the Expression of PTEN and 
Tg737.

Tang L(1), Zhang Y(1), Zhou Q(1), Hong Q(1), Wang Z(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Anhui No. 2 Provincial People's Hospital, Hefei 
230041, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Anhui No. 2 Provincial People's Hospital, Hefei 
230041, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Oct 4;2023:9848563. doi: 10.1155/2023/9848563.

To investigate the relationship between the ultrasonographic features of 
hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and the severity of HCC and the expression of 
tumor suppressor genes PTEN and Tg737, 90 patients with primary liver cancer are 
selected as the study subjects. The enhancement of liver tumor in arterial 
phase, portal venous phase, and delayed phase is observed by contrast-enhanced 
ultrasound (CEUS) before operation, and the echo intensity is compared with that 
of surrounding liver parenchyma. Immunohistochemistry is used to detect the 
expression of PTEN and Tg737 in hepatocellular carcinoma and paracancerous 
tissues. (1) In HCC, CEUS enhancement is characterized by rapid enhancement in 
arterial phase, enhancement in portal venous phase and delayed phase, and 
decreased hypoechoic changes. About 78.0% of the stage I-II liver cancer and 
85.0% of the stage III-IV liver cancer show rapid enhancement and high echo in 
the arterial phase; only 8.0% of the stage I-II liver cancer shows moderate echo 
changes in the portal venous phase, while 32.5% (13/40) stage III-IV liver 
cancer shows moderate echo changes in the portal venous phase. (2) The positive 
rates of PTEN in liver cancer tissues and paracancerous tissues are 21.1% 
(19/90) and 70.0% (63/90), respectively, and the difference is statistically 
significant. The positive rates of Tg737 in liver cancer tissues and 
paracancerous tissues are 17.8% (16/90) and 75.6% (68/90), respectively, and the 
difference is statistically significant. Compared with PTEN and Tg737 negative 
groups, the ascending slope (RS) and initial elimination time (WT) of PTEN and 
Tg737 positive groups are significantly higher, indicating that the inflow 
velocity of contrast medium in the positive group is higher, the outflow time is 
shorter, and the lesions shows low enhancement rapidly. However, the expression 
of PTEN and Tg737 had no significant difference in maximal intensity (IMAX), 
peak time (TTP), and mean transit time (mTT). (3) Correlation analysis shows 
that the immunohistochemical scores of PTEN and Tg737 are not significantly 
correlated with IMAX, mTT, and TTP but positively correlated with RS 
(r = 0.359,P < 0.05), suggesting that the positive expressions of PTEN and Tg737 
are negatively correlated with the inflow velocity of contrast medium. The 
immunohistochemical scores of PTEN and Tg737 are negatively correlated with WT, 
which indicated that the higher the expression intensity of PTEN is, the longer 
the outflow time of contrast medium is and the slower the outflow of contrast 
medium is. There is a significant correlation between the expression of PTEN and 
Tg737 proteins and CEUS parameters in hepatocellular carcinoma.

Copyright © 2022 Lei Tang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2608633
PMCID: PMC8970861
PMID: 35368955 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


432. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 24;2022:2590847. doi: 10.1155/2022/2590847. eCollection 
2022.

The Value of Left Atrial Volume Changes in Predicting Cardiotoxicity in Patients 
Undergoing Anthracycline Chemotherapy.

Chen D(1), Fan L(1), Rui Y(1), Yan Z(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Echocardiography, The Affiliated Changzhou No. 2 People's 
Hospital of Nanjing Medical University, Changzhou 213003, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Aug 16;2023:9893039. doi: 10.1155/2023/9893039.

In order to study the value of left atrial volume three-dimensional 
echocardiography in predicting cardiotoxicity in patients with multiple myeloma 
undergoing anthracycline chemotherapy, a total of 53 patients with multiple 
myeloma who are treated in the Department of Hematology of our hospital from 
January 2018 to December 2020 are selected as the research object, and all 
patients underwent three cycles (T1-T3) of chemotherapy. Before and after each 
cycle of chemotherapy, the patients are examined with 3D ultrasound and serology 
detection. These patients are divided into the cardiotoxicity group and 
noncardiotoxicity group. The serological indexes and three-dimensional 
echocardiographic parameters between two groups are compared. Multivariate 
logistic regression is used to determine the independent risk factors of 
cardiotoxicity in patients undergoing chemotherapy. And ROC curves are performed 
to evaluate the diagnostic value of related indicators in predicting 
cardiotoxicity. A total of 53 patients with multiple myeloma are included in 
this study. Serological indexes (T3 cTnI and T3 Pro-BNP), T2 LAVmin, T3 LAVmin, 
T2 LAVprep, and T3 LAVprep in the cardiotoxicity group are significantly higher 
than those in the noncardiotoxicity group. Multivariate logistic regression 
further found that T3 cTnI, T3 Pro-BNP, T2 LAVmin, T3 LAVmin, T2 LAVprep, T3 
LAVprep could be used to predict the occurrence of cardiotoxicity (P < 0.05). 
The results of ROC curves showed that T3 LAVmin had the most diagnostic 
efficiency of cardiotoxicity (AUC = 0.938; sensitivity 75.72%; specificity 
93.82%). Detection of changes in left atrial volume using three-dimensional 
ultrasound could be used as strong predictors of cardiotoxicity caused by 
anthracycline chemotherapy drugs in patients with multiple myeloma.

Copyright © 2022 Dongliang Chen et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2590847
PMCID: PMC8970808
PMID: 35368923 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: All authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


433. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 22;2022:4539125. doi: 10.1155/2022/4539125. eCollection 
2022.

Analysis of the Management Effect of Cancer Patients after Oral Chemotherapy 
Based on Nursing Process Reengineering.

Chen Y(1), Zhang W(2), Li X(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy Cancer Center, Xuzhou First People's Hospital, 
Xuzhoug 221116, Jiangsu, China.
(2)Oncology Department, Ningxian Second People's Hospital of Qingyang City Gansu 
Province, Qingyang 745200, Gansu, China.
(3)Oncology Department, Feicheng Hospital of Shandong Guoxin Yiyang Group, 
Feicheng 271600, Shandong, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Aug 16;2023:9764691. doi: 10.1155/2023/9764691.

With the pollution of the environment and the acceleration of the social rhythm, 
the prevalence of tumors has increased year by year, and tumors have brought 
huge pain and inconvenience to patients. However, traditional nursing work 
consumes a lot of manpower and material resources, but it is difficult to 
improve the happiness of cancer patients, and it also brings a lot of troubles 
to many nursing workers. Based on the above reasons, we reengineered the 
traditional nursing process based on the BPR theory and applied the new process 
to the analysis of the management effect of cancer patients after oral 
chemotherapy drugs. The data shows that there are 23 patients with no pressure 
ulcer risk (score greater than 19) before care, 27 patients with low risk (15-19 
points), 32 patients with moderate risk (13-14 points), and 18 people at high 
risk (less than 12 points). After nursing, there were 82 patients with no 
pressure ulcer risk, 10 patients with low risk, 7 patients with moderate risk, 
and 1 patient with high risk. This shows that the risk of pressure ulcers in 
patients with cancer after the use of chemotherapy drugs is significantly 
reduced compared with those without nursing. Nursing intervention can improve 
the psychological state of cancer patients during the recovery period, and 
nursing intervention can promote the compliance of cancer patients in various 
aspects of rehabilitation.

Copyright © 2022 Yanqiong Chen et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/4539125
PMCID: PMC8964201
PMID: 35360484 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


434. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 21;2022:4016081. doi: 10.1155/2022/4016081. eCollection 
2022.

Radiofrequency Ablation Combined with Radioactive Seed Implantation for Nonsmall 
Cell Lung Cancer.

Chen S(1), Sheng Z(1), Huang N(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of thoracic Surgery, FuXing Hospital, Capital Medical University, 
Beijing 100038, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Oct 11;2023:9848457. doi: 10.1155/2023/9848457.

The aim of this study is to investigate the value of radiofrequency ablation 
combined with radioactive seed implantation in nonsmall cell lung cancer 
treatment. 30 patients with primary nonsmall cell lung cancer were randomly 
divided into two groups. Group A was treated with radiofrequency ablation 
combined with radiation seed implantation, and group B was treated with 
radiofrequency ablation only. We compared the incidence of complications in the 
two groups and reviewed the effective percentage every 3 months. All patients 
were treated successfully, and there were no deaths during treatment. There were 
no deaths and no cases of distant organ metastasis in nine months of follow-up. 
There were no significant differences in treatment-related complications between 
the two groups. The early postoperative (three and six months) effective 
percentage was not significantly different (P > 0.05). After 9 months, the 
postoperative effective rate for group A (9/15) was significantly different from 
that for group B (radiofrequency ablation) (6/15) (P < 0.05). Radiofrequency 
ablation combined with radiation 125I seed implantation can complement each 
other in the treatment of nonsmall cell lung cancer.

Copyright © 2022 Su Chen et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/4016081
PMCID: PMC8959999
PMID: 35356608 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


435. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 15;2022:7872915. doi: 10.1155/2022/7872915. eCollection 
2022.

A Research Study to Measure the Efficacy of Terminating Cervical Cancer via 
Customized Optimum Pathway.

Zhang X(1), Ma H(1), Lu X(1), Zhang Z(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Hebei North 
University, Zhangjiakou, Hebei, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Oct 11;2023:9840958. doi: 10.1155/2023/9840958.

BACKGROUND: To develop a precise prognostic model of overall survival in 
patients with terminating cervical cancer based on surveillance, epidemiology, 
and end results (SEER) program.
METHODS: The patients were retrieved from SEER data who are diagnosed with 
terminating cervical cancer from 2004 to 2016. The data were performed using 
univariate and multivariate analyses and constructed nomograms for predicting 
survival. Use C-index to validate the model accuracy.
RESULTS: Totally 15839 patients diagnosed with cervical cancer were 
independently allocated into the training set (n = 11088) and validation set 
(n = 4751). The multivariate analysis results indicated that age, race, stage_T, 
stage_M, and stage_N were confirmed as independent risk predictors, and those 
factors are applied to construct this clinical model. The C-index of overall 
survival in the training set was 0.6816 (95% confidence intervene (CI), 
0.694-0.763) and that in the validation set was 0.6931(95% CI, 0.613-0.779). All 
calibration curves of various factors were consistent with predicted and actual 
survival.
CONCLUSION: The nomogram provides a novel method for predicting the survival of 
patients with terminating cervical cancer, assisting in accurate therapeutic 
methods for patients with primary terminating cervical cancer.

Copyright © 2022 Xianyu Zhang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/7872915
PMCID: PMC8941559
PMID: 35340234 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


436. Antibiotics (Basel). 2022 Mar 15;11(3):389. doi: 10.3390/antibiotics11030389.

The Association between icaA and icaB Genes, Antibiotic Resistance and Biofilm 
Formation in Clinical Isolates of Staphylococci spp.

Abdel-Shafi S(1), El-Serwy H(1), El-Zawahry Y(1), Zaki M(2), Sitohy B(3)(4), 
Sitohy M(5).

Author information:
(1)Botany and Microbiology Department, Faculty of Science, Zagazig University, 
Zagazig 44519, Egypt.
(2)Clinical Pathology Department, Faculty of Medicine, Mansoura University, 
Mansoura 35516, Egypt.
(3)Department of Clinical Microbiology, Infection and Immunology, Umeå 
University, SE-90185 Umeå, Sweden.
(4)Department of Radiation Sciences, Oncology, Umeå University, SE-90185 Umeå, 
Sweden.
(5)Biochemistry Department, Faculty of Agriculture, Zagazig University, Zagazig 
44511, Egypt.

Sixty-six (66) Staphylococcus bacterial isolates were withdrawn from separate 
clinical samples of hospitalized patients with various clinical infections. 
Conventional bacteriological tests identified the species of all isolates, and 
standard microbiological techniques differentiated them into CoPS or CoNS. Their 
biofilm development was followed by an analysis via the MTP (microtiter tissue 
culture plates) technique, and we then investigated the presence/absence of icaA 
and icaB, which were qualified in the top-30 potent biofilm-forming isolates. 
Thirteen isolates (46.7%) showed the presence of one gene, six (20%) isolates 
exhibited the two genes, while ten (33.3%) had neither of them. The formation of 
staphylococci biofilms in the absence of ica genes may be related to the 
presence of other biofilm formation ica-independent mechanisms. CoPS was the 
most abundant species among the total population. S. aureus was the sole 
representative of CoPS, while S. epidermidis was the most abundant form of CoNS. 
Antibiotic resistance was developing against the most frequently used 
antimicrobial drugs, while vancomycin was the least-resisted drug. The totality 
of the strong and medium-strength film-forming isolates represented the majority 
proportion (80%) of the total investigated clinical samples. The biochemical 
pattern CoPS is associated with antibiotic resistance and biofilm formation and 
can be an alarming indicator of potential antibiotic resistance.

DOI: 10.3390/antibiotics11030389
PMCID: PMC8944761
PMID: 35326851

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


437. World J Clin Cases. 2022 Feb 26;10(6):1914-1921. doi: 10.12998/wjcc.v10.i6.1914.

Cerebral corridor creator for resection of trigone ventricular tumors: Two case 
reports.

Liu XW(1), Lu WR(2), Zhang TY(3), Hou XS(1), Fa ZQ(1), Zhang SZ(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Functional Neurosurgery, The National Key Clinical Specialty, 
The Engineering Technology Research Center of Education Ministry of China on 
Diagnosis and Treatment of Cerebrovascular Disease, Guangdong Provincial Key 
Laboratory on Brain Function Repair and Regeneration, Zhujiang Hospital, 
Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510282, Guangdong Province, China.
(2)Department of Radiology, Zhujiang Hospital, Southern Medical University, 
Guangzhou 510282, Guangdong Province, China.
(3)General Hospital of Xinjiang Military Region, Shihezi University, Urumqi 
830000, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, China.
(4)Department of Functional Neurosurgery, The National Key Clinical Specialty, 
The Engineering Technology Research Center of Education Ministry of China on 
Diagnosis and Treatment of Cerebrovascular Disease, Guangdong Provincial Key 
Laboratory on Brain Function Repair and Regeneration, Zhujiang Hospital, 
Southern Medical University, Guangzhou 510282, Guangdong Province, China. 
zhangshizhong@smu.edu.cn.

BACKGROUND: Resection of deep intracranial tumors requires significant brain 
retraction, which frequently causes brain damage. In particular, tumor in the 
trigone of the lateral ventricular presents a surgical challenge due to its 
inaccessible location and intricate adjacent relationships with essential 
structures such as the optic radiation (OR) fibers. New brain retraction systems 
have been developed to minimize retraction-associated injury. To date, there is 
little evidence supporting the superiority of any retraction system in 
preserving the white matter tract integrity. This report illustrates the initial 
surgical excision in two patients using a new retraction system termed the 
cerebral corridor creator (CCC) and demonstrates its advantage in protecting OR 
fibers.
CASE SUMMARY: We report two patients with nonspecific symptoms, who had trigone 
ventricular lesions that involved the neighboring OR identified on preoperative 
diffusion tensor imaging (DTI). Both patients underwent successful surgical 
excision using the CCC. Total tumor removal was achieved without additional 
neurological deficit. DTI showed that the OR fibers were preserved along the 
surgical field. Preoperative symptoms were alleviated immediately after surgery. 
Clinical outcomes were improved according to the Glasgow-Outcome-Scale and 
Activity-of-Daily-Living Scale assessments.
CONCLUSION: In the two cases, the CCC was a safe and useful tool for creating 
access to the deep trigonal area while preserving the white matter tract 
integrity. The CCC is thus a promising alternative brain retractor.

©The Author(s) 2022. Published by Baishideng Publishing Group Inc. All rights 
reserved.

DOI: 10.12998/wjcc.v10.i6.1914
PMCID: PMC8891768
PMID: 35317166

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict-of-interest statement: The authors 
declare that they have no conflict of interest.


438. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 12;2022:9367919. doi: 10.1155/2022/9367919. eCollection 
2022.

Bevacizumab Combined with Intensity-Modulated Radiation Therapy on Cognitive and 
Coagulation Function in Postoperative Glioma Patients.

Lin GS(1), Wang WW(1), Lin H(1), Lin RS(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Zhangzhou Affiliated Hospital of Fujian Medical 
University, Zhangzhou, Fujian 363000, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Aug 2;2023:9806931. doi: 10.1155/2023/9806931.

To examine the influences of bevacizumab combined with intensity-modulated 
radiation therapy (IMRT) on postoperative brain glioma, particularly its impact 
on coagulation function and cognitive function, the complete clinical data of 
156 patients undergoing glioma surgery in the neurosurgery department of our 
hospital between March 2015 and October 2018 were retrospectively analyzed. All 
patients underwent glioma surgery and were then assigned to the observation 
group (Obs group, n = 79, received bevacizumab combined with IMRT) or the 
control group (Con group, n = 77, received IMRT without bevacizumab) for 
analysis during postoperative treatment. The patients' short-term efficacy was 
evaluated, and their serum markers and coagulation function were compared, as 
well as the cognitive function, the occurrence of adverse reactions during 
treatment, the Karnofsky performance status (KPS) score, and quality of life 
after treatment. Patients' survival was followed up within 2 years after 
surgery. The Obs group showed a notably higher clinical remission rate and 
clinical control rate (DCR) than the Con group after treatment. The Obs group 
showed notably lower levels of interleukin-2 (IL-2), vascular endothelial growth 
factor (VEGF), IL-6, and epidermal growth factor (EGF), experienced notably 
shorter prothrombin time (PT) and activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT), 
and showed higher fibrinogen (FIB) and D-dimer (D-D) levels than Con group. The 
Obs group showed notably better cognitive function, KPS score, and quality of 
life than the Con group, but no notable difference was observed between them in 
the incidence of adverse reactions (P > 0.0500). The survival rates in the Obs 
group were higher than in the Con group. For patients with glioma, postoperative 
bevacizumab combined with IMRT delivers substantially higher clinical efficacy 
by lowering serum marker levels and improving cognitive function without 
significantly affecting coagulation function.

Copyright © 2022 Guo-Shi Lin et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9367919
PMCID: PMC8934211
PMID: 35313514 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


439. RETRACTED ARTICLE

PLoS One. 2022 Mar 21;17(3):e0265119. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0265119. 
eCollection 2022.

Prognostic impact of prognostic nutritional index on renal cell carcinoma: A 
meta-analysis of 7,629 patients.

Peng Q(1), Liu L(2), Li T(3), Lei C(4), Wan H(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nephrology, The Fifth Hospital of Wuhan, Wuhan, Hubei, China.
(2)Department of Stomatology, Parrot Street Community Health Service Center 
Affiliated of the Fifth Hospital of Wuhan, Wuhan, Hubei, China.
(3)Department of General Medicine, Wulidun Neighborhood Community Health Service 
Center Affiliated of the Fifth Hospital of Wuhan, Wuhan, Hubei, China.
(4)Department of Oncology, The Fifth Hospital of Wuhan, Wuhan, Hubei, China.
(5)Department of Radiotherapy Center, The Fifth Hospital of Wuhan, Wuhan, Hubei, 
China.

Retraction in
    PLoS One. 2022 Aug 11;17(8):e0273158. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0273158.

BACKGROUND: Prognostic nutritional index (PNI) is a parameter which reflects 
nutritional and inflammatory status. The prognostic value of PNI in renal cell 
carcinoma (RCC) remains in debate. The aim of this study is to evaluate the 
prognostic value and clinicopathological features of PNI in RCC.
METHODS: A literature search was performed in the databases of PubMed, Embase, 
Web of Science, and Cochrane Library. Hazard ratios (HRs), odds ratios (ORs), 
and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were extracted for meta-analysis. The 
association between PNI and overall survival (OS), cancer-specific survival 
(CSS), disease-free survival (DFS), progression-free survival (PFS), 
recurrence-free survival (RFS), and clinicopathological factors were evaluated.
RESULTS: Eleven studies involving 7,629 patients were included for 
meta-analysis. A decreased PNI was shown to be a significant predictor of worse 
OS (HR = 2.00, 95%CI = 1.64-2.42, p<0.001), CSS (HR = 2.54, 95%CI = 1.61-4.00, 
p<0.001), and DFS/PFS/RFS (HR = 2.12, 95%CI = 1.82-2.46, p<0.001) in RCC. 
Furthermore, a low PNI was correlated with Fuhrman grade III-IV (OR = 1.96, 
95%CI = 1.27-3.02, p = 0.002), T stage T3-T4 (OR = 2.21, 95%CI = 1.27-3.87, p = 
0.005), presence of sarcomatoid differentiation (OR = 5.00, 95%CI = 2.52-9.92, 
p<0.001), and presence of tumor necrosis (OR = 3.63, 95%CI = 2.54-5.19, 
p<0.001).
CONCLUSION: PNI is an independent prognostic indicator of survival and 
associated with Fuhrman grade, T stage, sarcomatoid differentiation, and tumor 
necrosis in patients with RCC.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0265119
PMCID: PMC8936492
PMID: 35312690 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


440. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 10;2022:9580991. doi: 10.1155/2022/9580991. eCollection 
2022.

Deep Neural Networks for Medical Image Segmentation.

Malhotra P(1), Gupta S(1), Koundal D(2), Zaguia A(3), Enbeyle W(4).

Author information:
(1)Chitkara University Institute of Engineering and Technology, Chitkara 
University, Chandigarh, Punjab, India.
(2)Department of Systemics, School of Computer Science, University of Petroleum 
and Energy Studies, Dehradun, India.
(3)Department of Computer Science, College of Computers and Information 
Technology, Taif University, P.O. Box 11099, Taif 21944, Saudi Arabia.
(4)Department of Statistics, Mizan-Tepi University, Tepi, Ethiopia.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Oct 11;2023:9781975. doi: 10.1155/2023/9781975.

Image segmentation is a branch of digital image processing which has numerous 
applications in the field of analysis of images, augmented reality, machine 
vision, and many more. The field of medical image analysis is growing and the 
segmentation of the organs, diseases, or abnormalities in medical images has 
become demanding. The segmentation of medical images helps in checking the 
growth of disease like tumour, controlling the dosage of medicine, and dosage of 
exposure to radiations. Medical image segmentation is really a challenging task 
due to the various artefacts present in the images. Recently, deep neural models 
have shown application in various image segmentation tasks. This significant 
growth is due to the achievements and high performance of the deep learning 
strategies. This work presents a review of the literature in the field of 
medical image segmentation employing deep convolutional neural networks. The 
paper examines the various widely used medical image datasets, the different 
metrics used for evaluating the segmentation tasks, and performances of 
different CNN based networks. In comparison to the existing review and survey 
papers, the present work also discusses the various challenges in the field of 
segmentation of medical images and different state-of-the-art solutions 
available in the literature.

Copyright © 2022 Priyanka Malhotra et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9580991
PMCID: PMC8930223
PMID: 35310182 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


441. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 9;2022:7848143. doi: 10.1155/2022/7848143. eCollection 
2022.

Risk Factors for Brain Metastasis of Hepatocellular Carcinoma.

Wang L(1), Guo Y(1), Zhang H(1), Li H(2), Wang F(3), Zhang J(1), Li X(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gastroenterology, Affiliated Hospital of Hebei Engineering 
University, Handan 056002, China.
(2)Department of Infectious Diseases, Affiliated Hospital of Hebei Engineering 
University, Handan 056002, China.
(3)Department of Endocrinology, Handan HanGang Hospital, Hebei Province, Handan 
056004, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Sep 20;2023:9783892. doi: 10.1155/2023/9783892.

Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a common malignancy with high mortality, 
especially in HCC patients with brain metastases (BMS). However, few studies 
have investigated the risk factors for BMS among HCC patients based on 
large-scale population. The study involved clinical data of 36,091 patients who 
met the inclusion criteria from the SEER database, from 2004 to 2016. Univariate 
analysis and multifactor logistics regression analysis was used to analyze risk 
factors affecting BMS among HCC patients. This study revealed that BMS occurred 
in 108 of 36,091 patients, with an incidence of 0.33%. Median survival was 
7 months for patients with BMS, but 12 months for patients without BMS. 
Univariate analysis showed that pathological low differentiation and 
undifferentiation, lymph node metastasis, no surgical treatment, and no 
chemotherapy and radiotherapy increased risk of BMS (P < 0.05). Multivariate 
analysis suggested that no surgical treatment and no chemotherapy or 
radiotherapy were independent risk factors for BMS (P < 0.001). Our findings 
highlighted that the independent risk factors for BMS were no surgical 
treatment, no chemotherapy, and no radiotherapy.

Copyright © 2022 Lei Wang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/7848143
PMCID: PMC8926530
PMID: 35310176 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


442. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Mar 8;2022:4073918. doi: 10.1155/2022/4073918. 
eCollection 2022.

Diagnostic Value of MRI Combined with CXCR4 Expression Level in Lymph Node 
Metastasis Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma.

Zhao J(1), Li X(2), Wang M(2), Liu F(3), Wang J(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Cangzhou Central Hospital, Cangzhou, Hebei 061000, 
China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Cangzhou Central Hospital, Cangzhou, Hebei 
061000, China.
(3)Department of Nuclear Magnetic Resonance, Cangzhou Central Hospital, 
Cangzhou, Hebei 061000, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jul 26;2023:9754632. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9754632.

OBJECTIVE: To explore the diagnostic value of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) 
combined with CXCR4 expression levels in lymph node metastasis of the head and 
neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC).
METHODS: 289 patients with HNSCC were divided into lymph node metastasis group 
(LNM group, n = 171) and non-LNM group (n = 118) according to the pathological 
examination results. MRI was used to scan the patient's lesions and cervical 
lymph nodes, and ADC was measured by MRI diffusion weighting imaging. The 
expression of CXCR4 in tumor tissues was detected by qRT-PCR. Logistic 
regression was used to analyze the risk factors of HNSCC lymph node metastasis. 
ROC curve was used to analyze the diagnostic effects of MRI, CXCR4, and MRI 
combined with CXCR4 on HNSCC lymph node metastasis.
RESULTS: Compared with the non-LNM group, patients in the LNM group had a lower 
degree of pathological differentiation, and the positive rate of TNM staging and 
vascular invasion was higher. The signal intensity of T1WI and T2WI were low 
intensity and high intensity, respectively, and the ADC value was significantly 
reduced. At the same time, the expression level of CXCR4 in the tumor tissues of 
the LNM group was also significantly increased. In addition, compared with MRI 
and CXCR4 used alone, MRI combined with CXCR4 has a higher predictive value.
CONCLUSION: MRI has a good effect in demonstrating lymph node metastasis. CXCR4 
is significantly upregulated in lymph node metastasis tumor tissue. The 
combination of the two can be used for clinical diagnosis of HNSCC lymph node 
metastasis.

Copyright © 2022 Jin Zhao et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/4073918
PMCID: PMC8924604
PMID: 35309836 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors claim that there is no conflict of 
interest between them.


443. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 8;2022:7875627. doi: 10.1155/2022/7875627. eCollection 
2022.

Synergistic Effect of Stereotactic Radiotherapy Combined with Karelizumab on 
Patients with Advanced NSCLC.

Guo J(1), Guo J(1), Cheng B(1), Sun X(1), Zhang H(1), Ma J(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Lianyungang Oriental Hospital Affiliated to Xuzhou 
Medical University, Lianyun 222042, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Jan 25;2023:9759218. doi: 10.1155/2023/9759218.

In this paper, synergistic effects of stereotactic radiotherapy (SRS) combined 
with karelizumab on the patients with advanced NSCLC have been analyzed through 
extensive experiments. For this purpose, 100 patients with advanced NSCLC in our 
hospital from December 2018 to December 2020 were selected and divided into 
control group and observation group. The control group was treated with SRS, 
while the observation group was treated with karelizumab at the same time. The 
data of age, gender, BMI, pathological type, and clinical stage were collected 
and recorded. After 3 months of treatment, the short-term efficacy of the two 
groups was evaluated according to RECIST solid tumor efficacy evaluation 
standard. Fasting venous blood of all patients before and 3 months after 
treatment was collected. The serum levels of matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9), 
cytokeratin 19 fragment (CY211), carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA), and vascular 
endothelial growth factor (VEGF) were detected by the enzyme-linked 
immunosorbent assay. The KPS score was used to evaluate the quality of life 
before and after treatment. The incidence of fatigue, diarrhea, and other 
adverse reactions were compared between the two groups. The patients were 
followed up for 3 years, and the survival of all patients was recorded. The 
total effective rate of the observation group was 50.00% (23/46), which was 
evidently higher than that (27.78% (15/54)) of the control group (P < 0.05). 
After treatment, the parameters of CY211, MMP-9, VEGF, and CEA in the two groups 
were evidently lower than those before treatment, and the parameters of CY211, 
MMP-9, VEGF, and CEA in the observation group were evidently lower than those in 
the control group after treatment (P < 0.05). After treatment, KPS parameters of 
the two groups were evidently higher than those before treatment, and KPS 
parameters of the observation group were evidently higher than those of the 
control group after treatment (P < 0.05). The 1-year, 2-year, and 3-year 
survival rates of the observation group were 95.64% (44/46), 89.13% (41/46), and 
80.43% (37/46), respectively, and the 2-year and 3-year survival rates of the 
observation group were evidently higher than those of the control group (P < 
0.05). SRS combined with karelizumab in the treatment of patients with advanced 
NSCLC has good curative effect, can evidently inhibit the angiogenesis and tumor 
growth and metastasis, can evidently improve the quality of life of patients, 
has a good synergistic effect, and can be widely used in clinic.

Copyright © 2022 Jiayou Guo et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/7875627
PMCID: PMC8923784
PMID: 35299680 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


444. Cureus. 2022 Feb 1;14(2):e21822. doi: 10.7759/cureus.21822. eCollection 2022 
Feb.

Reclassification of Glioblastoma Multiforme According to the 2021 World Health 
Organization Classification of Central Nervous System Tumors: A Single 
Institution Report and Practical Significance.

Stoyanov GS(1), Lyutfi E(2), Georgieva R(3), Georgiev R(4), Dzhenkov DL(1), 
Petkova L(1), Ivanov BD(5), Kaprelyan A(2), Ghenev P(1).

Author information:
(1)General and Clinical Pathology/Forensic Medicine and Deontology, Medical 
University of Varna, Varna, BGR.
(2)Neurology and Neuroscience, Medical University of Varna, Varna, BGR.
(3)Faculty of Medicine, Medical University of Varna, Varna, BGR.
(4)Imaging Diagnostics, Interventional Radiology and Radiotherapy, Medical 
University of Varna, Varna, BGR.
(5)Clinical Medical Sciences, Medical University of Varna, Varna, BGR.

Introduction The 2021 World Health Organization (WHO) classification of tumors 
of the central nervous system (CNS) has introduced significant changes to tumor 
taxonomy. One of the most significant changes in the isolation of isocitrate 
dehydrogenase (IDH) mutant forms of glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) into separate 
entities, as well as no longer allowing for entries to be classified as not 
otherwise specified (NOS). As a result, this entity now includes only the most 
aggressive adult-type tumors. As such, established prognostic factors no longer 
apply, as they now form the criteria of different disease entries or have been 
established based on a mixed cohort. Herein, we aimed to reclassify glioblastoma 
cases diagnosed per the 2016 WHO tumors of the CNS classification into the 2021 
WHO tumors of the CNS classification and establish a patient survival pattern 
based on age, gender, tumor location, and size as well as tumor 
O-6-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase (MGMT) mutation. Materials and methods A 
retrospective, non-clinical approach was utilized. Biopsy specimens of adults 
diagnosed with GBM, WHO grade 4, NOS in the period February 2018-February 2021 
were reevaluated. The data regarding the patient's gender and age were withdrawn 
from the medical documentation. Immunohistochemistry was performed with mouse 
monoclonal anti-IDH R132H and rabbit polyclonal anti-MGMT. Radiology data on 
tumor location and size were pulled from the radiology repository. Data were 
statistically analyzed for significance, using Kaplan-Meier survival analysis, 
with a 95% confidence interval and p<0.05 defined as significant. Results A 
total of 58 cases fit the set criteria, with eight of them (13.7%) harboring an 
IDH R132H mutation and were hence reclassified as diffuse astrocytoma 
IDH-mutant, WHO CNS grade 4. The cases that retained their GBM classification 
included n=28 males and n=22 females, a male to female ratio of 1.27:1, and a 
mean age of 65.3 years (range 43-86 years). The MGMT mutational status revealed 
a total of n=17 positive cases (35%), while the remaining cases were negative. 
No hemispheric predilection could be established. Lobar predilection was as 
follows: temporal (37.78%), parietal (28.89%), frontal (24.44%), and occipital 
(8.89%). The mean tumor size measured on neuroradiology across the cohort was 
50.51 mm (range 20-76 mm). The median survival across cases was 255.96 days 
(8.41 months), with a range of 18-1150 days (0.59-37.78 months). No statistical 
correlation could be established between patient survival and gender, 
hemispheric location, lobar location, and tumor size. A significant difference 
in survival was established only when comparing the 41-50 age groups to the 
71-80 and 81-90 age groups and MGMT positive versus negative tumors (p=0.0001). 
Conclusion From a practical standpoint, the changes implemented in the new 
classification of CNS tumors define GBM as the most aggressive adult type of 
tumor. Based on their significantly more favorable prognosis, the 
reclassification of IDH mutant forms of astrocytomas has had little 
epidemiological impact on this relatively common malignancy but has 
significantly underlined the dismal prognosis. The changes have also led to MGMT 
promoter methylation status being the only significant prognostic factor for 
patient survival in clinical use, based on its prediction for response to 
temozolomide therapy in this nosological unit clinically presenting when it has 
already reached immense size.

Copyright © 2022, Stoyanov et al.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.21822
PMCID: PMC8896839
PMID: 35291535

Conflict of interest statement: The study was financed through the Medical 
University-Varna Scientific Fund, grant number 19010, and the National 
Scientific Fund-young researchers (Republic of Bulgaria), grant number 
2990/07.06.2021. The authors would like to disclose that one of the authors 
(George Stoyanov, MD) at the time of the manuscript submission was a member of 
the editorial approval board of the journal (Cureus Journal of Medical Science). 
The authors affirm that this in no way, shape, or form resulted in manipulating 
the reviewer selection process, reviews themselves, or the initial or final 
editorial decision.


445. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Mar 2;2022:7052066. doi: 10.1155/2022/7052066. eCollection 
2022.

Effects of BMI1 Gene on Regulating Apoptosis, Invasion, and Migration of HEC-1B 
Cells Induced by Ionizing Radiation.

Chen L(1), Luo W(2), Ji P(3), Li Z(2), Yan Y(2), Zhou Q(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gynecology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical 
University, Chongqing, China.
(2)Department of Gynecology, Chongqing Jiangjin District Central Hospital, 
Chongqing, China.
(3)Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, Chongqing Jiangjin District Central 
Hospital, Chongqing, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Oct 11;2023:9804590. doi: 10.1155/2023/9804590.

The aim of this study was to examine the role of B lymphoma Moloney murine 
leukemia virus insertion region 1 (BMI1) gene in regulating the apoptosis, 
invasion, and migration of human endometrial adenocarcinoma cell line (HEC-1B) 
cells induced by ionizing radiation. The expression of BMI1 mRNA was detected by 
quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR), and the positive 
expression of BMI1 was detected by immunohistochemistry (IHC) staining. HEC-1 B 
cells were randomly divided into three groups: control group, BMI1 
overexpression group, and BMI1 inhibitor group. Cell proliferation was detected 
by cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8); cell migration and invasion were detected by 
Transwell test; cell apoptosis was detected by flow cytometry; and the 
expression of MMP2, MMP7, MMP9, Rock1, RhoA, P53, P21, and Bax protein was 
detected by the western blot. The results suggested that the expression of BMI1 
mRNA and tissue positive in endometrial cancer tissues was increased 
significantly. After ionizing radiation, compared with the control group, the 
proliferation, cell migration, and invasion of HEC-1B cells were increased 
significantly in the BMI1 overexpression group, while the proliferation, cell 
migration, and invasion of HEC-1B cells were decreased significantly in BMI1 
inhibitor group. The apoptosis rate of BMI1 overexpression group was decreased 
significantly, while the BMI1 inhibitor group was increased significantly. The 
levels of MMP2, MMP7, MMP9, Rock1, RhoA and p53, p21, Bax protein in BMI1 
overexpression group were significantly increased, while the levels of MMP2, 
MMP7, MMP9, Rock1, RhoA and p53, p21, Bax protein in BMI1 inhibitor group were 
significantly decreased. BMI1 is highly expressed in endometrial cancer tissues, 
and inhibiting BMI1 expression can reduce the proliferation, migration, and 
invasion of HEC-1B cells after ionizing radiation and promote apoptosis, which 
offers new insights into the clinical radiotherapy of tumors.

Copyright © 2022 Li Chen et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/7052066
PMCID: PMC8906933
PMID: 35281533 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


446. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2022 Feb 28;2022:3963681. doi: 10.1155/2022/3963681. eCollection 
2022.

Evaluation of Novel Tranexamic Acid/Montmorillonite Intercalation Composite, as 
a New Type of Hemostatic Material.

Ma F(1), Sui S(2), Yang Z(1), Ye T(1), Yang L(1), Han P(1), Gan H(1), Wu Z(1), 
Gu R(1), Zhu X(1), Li F(3)(4), Meng Z(1), Jiang Z(5), Dou G(1).

Author information:
(1)State Key Laboratory of Drug Metabolism and Pharmacokinetics, Department of 
Pharmaceutical Sciences, Beijing Institute of Radiation Medicine, Beijing 
100850, China.
(2)Department of Gastroenterology, Taian City Central Hospital, Taian 271000, 
China.
(3)College of Life Science and Technology, Beijing University of Chemical 
Technology, Beijing 100089, China.
(4)Clinical Laboratory Center, Taian City Central Hospital, Taian 271000, China.
(5)Pharmacy Intravenous Admixture Services, Taian City Central Hospital, Taian 
271000, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2023 Nov 29;2023:9782085. doi: 10.1155/2023/9782085.

Radiation enteritis-clinically manifested as diarrhea, intestinal bleeding, and 
so on-is frequently caused when the body is exposed to radiation or radiotherapy 
because the intestine is radiation-sensitive as an abdominal organ. Therefore, 
strategies to modulate intestinal hemostasis had inspired an important research 
trend in the process of preventing and treating radiation enteritis. Based on 
the structural characteristics of montmorillonite (MMT) and the hemostatic drug 
tranexamic acid (TXA) which was used clinically to treat enteritis, the 
tranexamic acid-montmorillonite composite material (TXA-MMT) was prepared 
through intercalation composite technology. According to the analysis of FTIR, 
XRD, TG-DTG, SEM, and XRF, the prepared TXA-MMT was verified that tranexamic 
acid could intercalate into layers of montmorillonite. To evaluate the 
biocompatibility, two experiments were conducted by in vitro hemolysis and in 
vitro cytotoxicity experiments and results showed that TXA-MMT exhibited good 
visible biocompatibility. Activated partial thromboplastin time, prothrombin 
time, and in vitro clotting time were adopted to determine the hemostatic effect 
of TXA-MMT. Compared with other groups, TXA-MMT revealed a significant decrease 
in clotting time variations, APTT, and PT. In addition, to investigate the 
preventive effect of TXA-MMT by the intervention of radiation enteritis mice, 
inflammatory factors IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α and the content of endotoxin in the 
serum of mice were detected. It demonstrated that TXA-MMT reduced the levels of 
these factors. Besides, the expression and the pathological changes of the small 
intestine tissue of mice were relieved. Our findings suggests that TXA-MMT as a 
promising intercalation composite has a great potential for application in the 
field of intestinal hemostasis.

Copyright © 2022 Fei Ma et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/3963681
PMCID: PMC8901336
PMID: 35265711 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


447. Cell Death Dis. 2022 Mar 9;13(3):219. doi: 10.1038/s41419-022-04665-4.

Retraction Note: OCT4 as a target of miR-34a stimulates p63 but inhibits p53 to 
promote human cell transformation.

Ng WL(#)(1), Chen G(#)(1), Wang M(#)(2), Wang H(1), Story M(3), Shay JW(4), 
Zhang X(1), Wang J(1), Amin ARMR(5), Hu B(1)(6), Cucinotta FA(7), Wang Y(8).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Emory University School of Medicine, 
Winship Cancer Institute of Emory University, Atlanta, GA, USA.
(2)Division of Space Life Sciences, Universities Space Research Association, 
Houston, TX, USA.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX, 
USA.
(4)Department of Cell Biology, UT Southwestern Medical Center, Dallas, TX, USA.
(5)Department of Hematology and Oncology, Emory University School of Medicine, 
Winship Cancer Institute of Emory University, Atlanta, GA, USA.
(6)Department of Medical Molecular Biology, Beijing Institute of Biotechnology, 
Beijing, China.
(7)Department of Health Physics and Diagnostic Sciences, University of Nevada, 
Las Vegas, NV, USA. Francis.Cucinotta@unlv.edu.
(8)Department of Radiation Oncology, Emory University School of Medicine, 
Winship Cancer Institute of Emory University, Atlanta, GA, USA. 
ywang94@emory.edu.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction of
    Cell Death Dis. 2014 Jan 23;5:e1024. doi: 10.1038/cddis.2013.563.

DOI: 10.1038/s41419-022-04665-4
PMCID: PMC8907300
PMID: 35264576


448. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Dis Markers. 2022 Feb 22;2022:4952812. doi: 10.1155/2022/4952812. eCollection 
2022.

Integrated Analysis of DNA Repair Genes Identifies SLC6A1 as a New Marker for 
the Clinical Outcome of Patients with Colorectal Cancer.

Wang QQ(1), Wei Y(2), Luo LP(3), Li X(2), Jiang WJ(3).

Author information:
(1)School of Medicine, University of Electronic Science and Technology of China, 
Chengdu 611731, China.
(2)Department of Medical Oncology, Sichuan Cancer Hospital & Institute, Sichuan 
Cancer Center, School of Medicine, University of Electronic Science and 
Technology of China, Chengdu, Sichuan 610041, China.
(3)Radiation Oncology Key Laboratory of Sichuan Province, Sichuan Cancer 
Hospital & Institute, Sichuan Cancer Center, School of Medicine, University of 
Electronic Science and Technology of China, Chengdu, Sichuan 610041, China.

Retraction in
    Dis Markers. 2023 Jul 26;2023:9874383. doi: 10.1155/2023/9874383.

Colorectal cancer (CRC) remains an important malignancy worldwide with poor 
prognosis. It has been known that DNA repair genes are involved in the 
development and progression of various tumors. Therefore, the purpose of this 
study was to explore DNA repair gene-based prognostic biomarkers for CRC. In 
this study, the expressing pattern and prognostic values of DNA repair genes in 
CRC patients were analyzed using TCGA database. GO and KEGG enrichment analyses 
were conducted to clarify the functional roles of dysregulated genes. We 
observed 358 differentially expressed DNA repair genes in CRC specimens, 
including 84 downregulated genes and 275 upregulated genes. 36 survival-related 
DNA repair genes were correlated with CRC patients' five-year survival, 
including 6 low-risk genes and 30 high-risk genes. Among the 10 overlapping 
genes, we focused on SLC6A1 which was highly expressed in CRC, and multivariate 
analysis confirmed that SLC6A1 expression as well as age and clinical stage 
could be regarded as an independent predicting factor for CRC prognosis. KEGG 
assays revealed that SLC6A1 may influence the clinical progression via 
regulating TGF-beta and PI3K-Akt signaling pathways. In addition, we observed 
that SLC6A1 was negatively regulated by SLC6A1 methylation, leading to its low 
expression in CRC specimens. Overall, SLC6A1 is upexpressed in CRC and can be 
used as a marker of poor prognosis in CRC patients.

Copyright © 2022 Qian-qian Wang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/4952812
PMCID: PMC8889403
PMID: 35251372 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


449. Med Sci Monit. 2022 Mar 7;28:e936571. doi: 10.12659/MSM.936571.

Retracted: The MEK1/2 Inhibitor AZD6244 Sensitizes BRAF-Mutant Thyroid Cancer to 
Vemurafenib.

Song H(1), Zhang J(2), Ning L(3), Zhang H(2), Chen D(3), Jiao X(3), Zhang K(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Qingdao, Shandong, China (mainland).
(2)Department of Thyroid Surgery, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Qingdao, Shandong, China (mainland).
(3)Department of General Surgery, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Qingdao, Shandong, China (mainland).

Retraction of
    Med Sci Monit. 2018 May 8;24:3002-3010. doi: 10.12659/MSM.910084.

This publication has been retracted by the Editor due to the identification of 
falsified figure images and manuscript content that raise concerns regarding the 
credibility of the study and the manuscript. Reference: Vemurafenib Hao Song, 
Jinna Zhang, Liang Ning, Honglai Zhang, Dong Chen, Xuelong Jiao, Kejun Zhang. 
The MEK1/2 Inhibitor AZD6244 Sensitizes BRAF-Mutant Thyroid Cancer to 
Vemurafenib. Med Sci Monit, 2018; 24: 3002-3010. DOI: 10.12659/MSM.910084.

DOI: 10.12659/MSM.936571
PMCID: PMC8915655
PMID: 35250023


450. Lancet Oncol. 2022 Mar;23(3):330. doi: 10.1016/S1470-2045(22)00064-X.

Retraction and republication-Stereotactic body radiotherapy plus pembrolizumab 
and trametinib versus stereotactic body radiotherapy plus gemcitabine for 
locally recurrent pancreatic cancer after surgical resection: an open-label, 
randomised, controlled, phase 2 trial.

The Editors Of The Lancet Oncology(1).

Author information:
(1)The Lancet Oncology, London EC2Y 5AS, UK.

Corrected and republished in
    Lancet Oncol. 2022 Mar;23(3):e105-e115. doi: 10.1016/S1470-2045(22)00066-3.

Retraction of
    Lancet Oncol. 2021 Aug;22(8):1093-1102. doi: 10.1016/S1470-2045(21)00286-2.

DOI: 10.1016/S1470-2045(22)00064-X
PMID: 35241252


451. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Appl Bionics Biomech. 2022 Feb 21;2022:9607237. doi: 10.1155/2022/9607237. 
eCollection 2022.

The Application of Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Skeletal Age Assessment.

Alshamrani K(1).

Author information:
(1)Radiological Sciences Department, College of Applied Medical Science, Najran 
University, Najran, Saudi Arabia.

Retraction in
    Appl Bionics Biomech. 2023 Aug 16;2023:9826324. doi: 10.1155/2023/9826324.

METHOD: The study includes 80 patients identified from an endocrine clinic, two 
males and two females from each of 5 age groups (<5, 5 to 7, 8 to 10, 11 to 13, 
and 14 to 16 years). Skeletal age as determined from an open MRI scanner and 
radiographs performed on the same day was compared for each child. Two observers 
assess the skeletal age from radiographs and MRI images independently. After a 
period of at least three weeks, observers determined the skeletal age of all 
patients independently. All of the images were in different and random orders, 
on both of the assessment occasions. The agreement was assessed using the 
interclass correlation coefficient and Bland Altman plots. Problem Statement. 
The recurrent use of left-hand radiography in children with chronic conditions 
might result in the patient being exposed to the same image several times 
throughout the course of their lives. Use of radiation-free methods such as 
magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) may be able to assist in reducing the risks 
associated with radiation exposure, if done properly.
RESULTS: Patients' age ranged from 3 to 16 years, in which the mean of the 
chronological age was 9.3 years (±2.9) and 9.8 years (±2.7) in girls and boys, 
respectively. The interrater agreement for skeletal age determination was 0.984 
for radiographs and 0.976 for MRI scans. Using the G&P technique, for Observer 
1, intraobserver agreement for radiographs and DXA was 0.993 and 0.983, 
respectively, and 0.995 and 0.994, respectively, for Observer 2. Plotting the 
rater readings against the line of equality shows no significant differences 
between readings acquired from radiographs and MRI scans.
CONCLUSION: For the study contribution, it is possible to employ open compact 
MRI to determine the skeletal age of a person. Our results showed that left-hand 
MRI scans were of better quality than the radiographs.

Copyright © 2022 Khalaf Alshamrani.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9607237
PMCID: PMC8885254
PMID: 35237346

Conflict of interest statement: The author of this manuscript declares no 
relationships with any companies, whose products or services may be related to 
the subject matter of the article.


452. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2022 Feb 18;2022:5852451. doi: 10.1155/2022/5852451. eCollection 
2022.

Current Status of Malignant Tumors after Organ Transplantation.

Shen B(1), Cen Z(1), Tan M(1), Song C(1), Wu X(1), Wang J(1), Huang M(1).

Author information:
(1)Thoracic Surgery, Foshan Clinical Medical School of Guangzhou University of 
Chinese Medicine, Guangdong Province, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2024 Mar 20;2024:9879310. doi: 10.1155/2024/9879310.

OBJECTIVE: To analyze the diagnosis and treatment of patients with concomitant 
malignant tumors after organ transplantation by compiling data from organ 
transplantation patients.
METHODS: By searching CNKI and PubMed databases, we made a systematic analysis 
of the studies of postorgan transplantation complicating malignant tumors in the 
last decade.
RESULTS: There were 10 articles on malignant tumors after renal transplantation, 
8 articles on liver transplantation, 2 articles on heart transplantation, and 1 
article on lung transplantation. The incidence of malignant tumors complicating 
renal transplantation is 10.4% in Europe, with skin cancer and Kaposi's sarcoma 
being common; the incidence in the United States is 3.4%, with PTLD having the 
highest incidence; the incidence of malignant tumors is relatively lowest in 
Asia, with gastrointestinal malignancies being the main ones. The mean time to 
complication of malignancy after renal transplantation is 3.83 years. The 
incidence of concurrent malignancies after liver transplantation is 8.8% in 
Europe, where skin cancer and Kaposi's sarcoma are common; 5.6% in Asia, where 
gastrointestinal tract tumors are prevalent; and 4.5% in the United States, 
where gastrointestinal tract tumors, PTLD, and hematologic diseases are 
predominant. The mean time to complication of malignancy after liver 
transplantation is 4.79 years. The incidence of malignancy after heart 
transplantation is 6.8-10.7%. The incidence of malignancy after lung 
transplantation is about 10.1%. Minimization of immunosuppression or 
modification of immunosuppression regimens may be a key component of cancer 
prevention. mTOR inhibitors and phenolate (MMF) reduce the incidence of de novo 
malignancies in patients after solid organ transplantation. Surgical treatment 
improves survival in patients with early malignancies. The use of external beam 
radiation therapy in the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma is limited due to 
the risk of radiation liver disease.
CONCLUSIONS: The risk of concomitant malignancy needs to be guarded for 5 years 
of immunosuppressive therapy after organ transplantation surgery. Adjusting the 
immunosuppressive treatment regimen is an effective way to reduce concurrent 
malignancies. Systemic chemotherapy or radiotherapy requires vigilance against 
the toxic effects of drug metabolism kinetics on the transplanted organ.

Copyright © 2022 Bairu Shen et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5852451
PMCID: PMC8881127
PMID: 35224096 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


453. Health Technol Assess. 2022 Feb;26(15):1-124. doi: 10.3310/JKNZ2003.

Exercise to prevent shoulder problems after breast cancer surgery: the PROSPER 
RCT.

Bruce J(1), Mazuquin B(1), Mistry P(1), Rees S(1), Canaway A(1), Hossain 
A(1)(2), Williamson E(3)(4), Padfield EJ(1), Lall R(1), Richmond H(5), Chowdhury 
L(1), Lait C(6), Petrou S(1)(7), Booth K(1), Lamb SE(4), Vidya R(8), Thompson 
AM(9).

Author information:
(1)Warwick Clinical Trials Unit, Division of Health Sciences, University of 
Warwick, Coventry, UK.
(2)Institute of Statistical Research and Training (ISRT), University of Dhaka, 
Dhaka, Bangladesh.
(3)Centre for Rehabilitation Research, Nuffield Department of Orthopaedics, 
Rheumatology and Musculoskeletal Sciences, University of Oxford, Oxford, UK.
(4)College of Medicine and Health, University of Exeter, Exeter, UK.
(5)Primary Healthcare Research Unit, Faculty of Medicine, Memorial University of 
Newfoundland, St John's, NL, Canada.
(6)Gloucestershire Care Services NHS Trust, Gloucester, UK.
(7)Nuffield Department of Primary Care Health Sciences, University of Oxford, 
Oxford, UK.
(8)Royal Wolverhampton NHS Trust, Wolverhampton, UK.
(9)Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, TX, USA.

BACKGROUND: Upper limb problems are common after breast cancer treatment.
OBJECTIVES: To investigate the clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of 
a structured exercise programme compared with usual care on upper limb function, 
health-related outcomes and costs in women undergoing breast cancer surgery.
DESIGN: This was a two-arm, pragmatic, randomised controlled trial with embedded 
qualitative research, process evaluation and parallel economic analysis; the 
unit of randomisation was the individual (allocated ratio 1 : 1).
SETTING: Breast cancer centres, secondary care.
PARTICIPANTS: Women aged ≥ 18 years who had been diagnosed with breast cancer 
and were at higher risk of developing shoulder problems. Women were screened to 
identify their risk status.
INTERVENTIONS: All participants received usual-care information leaflets. Those 
randomised to exercise were referred to physiotherapy for an early, structured 
exercise programme (three to six face-to-face appointments that included 
strengthening, physical activity and behavioural change strategies).
MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome was upper limb function at 12 months 
as assessed using the Disabilities of Arm, Hand and Shoulder questionnaire. 
Secondary outcomes were function (Disabilities of Arm, Hand and Shoulder 
questionnaire subscales), pain, complications (e.g. wound-related complications, 
lymphoedema), health-related quality of life (e.g. EuroQol-5 Dimensions, 
five-level version; Short Form questionnaire-12 items), physical activity and 
health service resource use. The economic evaluation was expressed in terms of 
incremental cost per quality-adjusted life-year and incremental net monetary 
benefit gained from an NHS and Personal Social Services perspective. 
Participants and physiotherapists were not blinded to group assignment, but data 
collectors were blinded.
RESULTS: Between 2016 and 2017, we randomised 392 participants from 17 breast 
cancer centres across England: 196 (50%) to the usual-care group and 196 (50%) 
to the exercise group. Ten participants (10/392; 3%) were withdrawn at 
randomisation and 32 (8%) did not provide complete baseline data. A total of 175 
participants (89%) from each treatment group provided baseline data. 
Participants' mean age was 58.1 years (standard deviation 12.1 years; range 
28-88 years). Most participants had undergone axillary node clearance surgery 
(327/392; 83%) and 317 (81%) had received radiotherapy. Uptake of the exercise 
treatment was high, with 181 out of 196 (92%) participants attending at least 
one physiotherapy appointment. Compliance with exercise was good: 143 out of 196 
(73%) participants completed three or more physiotherapy sessions. At 12 months, 
274 out of 392 (70%) participants returned questionnaires. Improvement in arm 
function was greater in the exercise group [mean Disabilities of Arm, Hand and 
Shoulder questionnaire score of 16.3 (standard deviation 17.6)] than in the 
usual-care group [mean Disabilities of Arm, Hand and Shoulder questionnaire 
score of 23.7 (standard deviation 22.9)] at 12 months for intention-to-treat 
(adjusted mean difference Disabilities of Arm, Hand and Shoulder questionnaire 
score of -7.81, 95% confidence interval -12.44 to -3.17; p = 0.001) and 
complier-average causal effect analyses (adjusted mean difference -8.74, 95% 
confidence interval -13.71 to -3.77; p ≤ 0.001). At 12 months, pain scores were 
lower and physical health-related quality of life was higher in the exercise 
group than in the usual-care group (Short Form questionnaire-12 items, mean 
difference 4.39, 95% confidence interval 1.74 to 7.04; p = 0.001). We found no 
differences in the rate of adverse events or lymphoedema over 12 months. The 
qualitative findings suggested that women found the exercise programme 
beneficial and enjoyable. Exercise accrued lower costs (-£387, 95% CI -£2491 to 
£1718) and generated more quality-adjusted life years (0.029, 95% CI 0.001 to 
0.056) than usual care over 12 months. The cost-effectiveness analysis indicated 
that exercise was more cost-effective and that the results were robust to 
sensitivity analyses. Exercise was relatively cheap to implement (£129 per 
participant) and associated with lower health-care costs than usual care and 
improved health-related quality of life. Benefits may accrue beyond the end of 
the trial.
LIMITATIONS: Postal follow-up was lower than estimated; however, the study was 
adequately powered. No serious adverse events directly related to the 
intervention were reported.
CONCLUSIONS: This trial provided robust evidence that referral for early, 
supported exercise after breast cancer surgery improved shoulder function in 
those at risk of shoulder problems and was associated with lower health-care 
costs than usual care and improved health-related quality of life.
FUTURE WORK: Future work should focus on the implementation of exercise 
programmes in clinical practice for those at highest risk of shoulder problems.
TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial is registered as ISRCTN35358984.
FUNDING: This project was funded by the National Institute for Health Research 
(NIHR) Health Technology Assessment programme and will be published in full in 
Health Technology Assessment; Vol. 26, No. 15. See the NIHR Journals Library 
website for further project information.

Plain Language Summary: WHAT IS THE PROBLEM? Breast cancer is the most common 
cancer affecting women. Women now live longer because the detection and 
treatment of cancer has improved over the last 40 years. The side effects of 
breast cancer treatments can lead to complications, such as difficulties with 
arm movements, arm swelling (lymphoedema), pain and poor quality of life. These 
problems can last for many years after the cancer has been treated. Usual care 
after breast cancer surgery is to give patients an information leaflet 
explaining arm exercises that they can undertake after their operation. Offering 
exercise support from a physiotherapist may be a better way to help those at 
risk of developing shoulder problems after breast cancer treatment than 
providing a leaflet only.
WHAT DID WE DO? We compared two strategies to prevent shoulder problems in women 
having breast cancer treatment: information leaflets and an exercise programme. 
We invited women with a new diagnosis of breast cancer who were at higher risk 
of developing shoulder problems than other women with a new diagnosis of breast 
cancer. We recruited 392 women aged 28–88 years from 17 breast cancer units 
across England. Women were allocated to one of two groups by chance using a 
computer. Everyone was given information leaflets that explained what type of 
exercises to do after surgery. Half of the women (n = 196) were then invited to 
take part in an exercise programme, supported by a trained physiotherapist. 
These women followed a programme of shoulder mobility, stretching and 
strengthening exercises for up to 1 year. We measured changes in arm function, 
pain, arm swelling (lymphoedema) and physical and mental quality of life, and 
the cost of treatments during the whole first year of recovery, in everyone. We 
also spoke to the women and physiotherapists to find out whether or not these 
treatment strategies were acceptable to them.
WHAT DID WE FIND OUT? Women doing the exercise programme had better arm 
function, less pain and better quality of life than the women given an 
information leaflet only. Women said that the exercise programme helped with 
their recovery during cancer treatment. Exercise was cheap to deliver (£129 per 
person) and led to improved overall quality of life at 1 year after breast 
cancer surgery.

DOI: 10.3310/JKNZ2003
PMID: 35220995 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


454. Cell Mol Life Sci. 2022 Feb 25;79(3):152. doi: 10.1007/s00018-022-04187-4.

CD73 controls ocular adenosine levels and protects retina from light-induced 
phototoxicity.

Losenkova K(1), Takeda A(1), Ragauskas S(2), Cerrada-Gimenez M(3), Vähätupa 
M(3), Kaja S(3)(4), Paul ML(1)(5), Schmies CC(5), Rolshoven G(5), Müller CE(5), 
Sandholm J(6), Jalkanen S(1), Kalesnykas G(2)(3), Yegutkin GG(7).

Author information:
(1)MediCity Research Laboratory and InFLAMES Flagship, University of Turku, 
Tykistökatu 6A, 20520, Turku, Finland.
(2)Experimentica UAB, Vilnius, Lithuania.
(3)Experimentica Ltd., Kuopio, Finland.
(4)Department of Ophthalmology, Loyola University Chicago, Stritch School of 
Medicine, Maywood, IL, USA.
(5)Pharma Center Bonn, Pharmaceutical Institute, Pharmaceutical and Medicinal 
Chemistry, University of Bonn, Bonn, Germany.
(6)Turku Bioscience Centre, University of Turku and Åbo Akademi University, 
Turku, Finland.
(7)MediCity Research Laboratory and InFLAMES Flagship, University of Turku, 
Tykistökatu 6A, 20520, Turku, Finland. gennady.yegutkin@utu.fi.

ATP and adenosine have emerged as important signaling molecules involved in 
vascular remodeling, retinal functioning and neurovascular coupling in the 
mammalian eye. However, little is known about the regulatory mechanisms of 
purinergic signaling in the eye. Here, we used three-dimensional multiplexed 
imaging, in situ enzyme histochemistry, flow cytometric analysis, and single 
cell transcriptomics to characterize the whole pattern of purine metabolism in 
mouse and human eyes. This study identified ecto-nucleoside triphosphate 
diphosphohydrolase-1 (NTPDase1/CD39), NTPDase2, and ecto-5'-nucleotidase/CD73 as 
major ocular ecto-nucleotidases, which are selectively expressed in the 
photoreceptor layer (CD73), optic nerve head, retinal vasculature and microglia 
(CD39), as well as in neuronal processes and cornea (CD39, NTPDase2). 
Specifically, microglial cells can create a spatially arranged network in the 
retinal parenchyma by extending and retracting their branched CD39high/CD73low 
processes and forming local "purinergic junctions" with CD39low/CD73- neuronal 
cell bodies and CD39high/CD73- retinal blood vessels. The relevance of the 
CD73-adenosine pathway was confirmed by flash electroretinography showing that 
pharmacological inhibition of adenosine production by injection of highly 
selective CD73 inhibitor PSB-12489 in the vitreous cavity of dark-adapted mouse 
eyes rendered the animals hypersensitive to prolonged bright light, manifested 
as decreased a-wave and b-wave amplitudes. The impaired electrical responses of 
retinal cells in PSB-12489-treated mice were not accompanied by decrease in 
total thickness of the retina or death of photoreceptors and retinal ganglion 
cells. Our study thus defines ocular adenosine metabolism as a complex and 
spatially integrated network and further characterizes the critical role of CD73 
in maintaining the functional activity of retinal cells.

© 2022. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1007/s00018-022-04187-4
PMCID: PMC8881442
PMID: 35212809 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors disclose no conflicts of interests.


455. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Feb 15;2022:3477918. doi: 10.1155/2022/3477918. eCollection 
2022.

Efficacy and Safety of Temozolomide Combined with Radiotherapy in the Treatment 
of Malignant Glioma.

Wei S(1), Li J(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Zibo Central Hospital, Zibo 255000, Shandong, 
China.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Zibo Maternal and Child Health Care Hospital, 
Zibo 255100, Shandong, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Jan 19;2023:9820907. doi: 10.1155/2023/9820907.

MG is a clinical common intracranial tumor, with the characteristics of strong 
invasion. In our study, we aim to explore the efficacy and safety of 
temozolomide combined with radiotherapy in the treatment of malignant glioma 
(MG) and its influence on postoperative complications and survival rate of 
patients. 120 MG patients admitted to our hospital (January 2019-January 2020) 
were chosen as the research objects and were randomly divided into group A 
(n = 60) and group B (n = 60). All patients were treated with radiotherapy, and 
patients in group A were additionally treated with temozolomide. The clinical 
efficacy, quality of life, incidence of adverse reactions, incidence of 
postoperative complications, survival rates, and average survival time of the 
two groups were compared. The objective remission rate (ORR), disease control 
rate (DCR), survival rates after one year and two years of follow-up, and the 
number of patients with improved quality of life in group A were markedly higher 
compared with group B (P < 0.05). The incidence of postoperative complications 
in group A was remarkably lower compared with group B (P < 0.05). The average 
survival time of group A was dramatically longer compared with group B (P < 
0.001). There was no significant difference in the incidence of adverse 
reactions between the two groups (P > 0.05), and no new adverse reactions 
occurred in the patients. Temozolomide combined with radiotherapy can 
effectively improve the quality of life, treatment effect, and survival rate of 
MG patients, with a lower incidence of postoperative complications and better 
tolerance. Our finding indicates that temozolomide combined with radiotherapy 
has a high clinical application value. In addition, it indicates that this 
treatment method should be promoted in practice.

Copyright © 2022 Shoufeng Wei and Junde Li.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/3477918
PMCID: PMC8863446
PMID: 35211253 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


456. Cancer Chemother Pharmacol. 2022 Jun;89(6):843. doi: 10.1007/s00280-022-04409-3.

Retraction Note to: MicroRNA‑30c‑regulated HDAC9 mediates chemoresistance of 
breast cancer.

Liang Z(1)(2), Feng A(3), Shim H(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Emory University, Atlanta, GA, 30322, USA. 
zliang@emory.edu.
(2)Winship Cancer Institute, Emory University, Atlanta, GA, 30322, USA. 
zliang@emory.edu.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Emory University, Atlanta, GA, 30322, USA.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Emory University, Atlanta, GA, 30322, USA. 
hshim@emory.edu.
(5)Winship Cancer Institute, Emory University, Atlanta, GA, 30322, USA. 
hshim@emory.edu.

Retraction of
    Cancer Chemother Pharmacol. 2020 Feb;85(2):413-423. doi: 
10.1007/s00280-019-04024-9.

DOI: 10.1007/s00280-022-04409-3
PMID: 35201422


457. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cureus. 2022 Jan 19;14(1):e21400. doi: 10.7759/cureus.21400. eCollection 2022 
Jan.

Xanthogranulomatous Cholecystitis: A Rare Variant of Chronic Cholecystitis.

Alammari RK(1), Alhessan AA(1), Alturki AA(1), Aburowais SA(2), Alsharif MH(3), 
Alshehri FH(4), Hakami FM(5), Alsubaie TM(6), Alhamed SA(7), Alsobhi MA(7), 
Alshaqaqiq HA(8), Alshaqaqiq AI(8), Alkharraz AH(9), Alhudhayf AM(9), Al-Hawaj 
F(10).

Author information:
(1)Medicine, Almaarefa University, Riyadh, SAU.
(2)Medicine, Arabian Gulf University, Manama, BHR.
(3)Medicine, Batterjee Medical College, Jeddah, SAU.
(4)Medicine, Imam Mohammad Ibn Saud Islamic University, Riyadh, SAU.
(5)Medicine, Jazan University, Jazan, SAU.
(6)Medicine, Jordan University of Science And Technology, Irbid, JOR.
(7)Medicine, King Abdulaziz University, Jeddah, SAU.
(8)Medicine, King Faisal University, Hofuf, SAU.
(9)Medicine, Qassim University, Buraydah, SAU.
(10)College of Medicine, Imam Abdulrahman Bin Faisal University, Dammam, SAU.

Retraction in
    Cureus. 2024 Jan 25;16(1):r134. doi: 10.7759/cureus.r134.

Expression of concern in
    Cureus. 2022 Apr 7;14(4):x56. doi: 10.7759/cureus.x56.

Gallbladder disease is a very common condition that encompasses a heterogeneous 
group of diseases with a wide range of severity and clinical manifestations. 
Gallbladder disorders include biliary colic, acute cholecystitis, chronic 
cholecystitis, choledocholithiasis, Mirizzi syndrome, and gallstone ileus. We 
report the case of a 70-year-old man who presented to the emergency department 
complaining of worsening abdominal pain, located in the right upper quadrant and 
radiating to the right shoulder. It was aggravated by food intake and relieved 
with the use of antacid medications. The medical history of the patient was 
significant for stable angina, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, 
and sickle cell trait. Examination of the abdomen revealed generalized 
tenderness with guarding. Abdominal computed tomography scan demonstrated the 
presence of significant diffuse thickening of the gallbladder wall with poor 
contrast enhancement. Complete resection of the gallbladder was performed 
because of suspected gallbladder carcinoma. Histopathological examination 
revealed xanthogranulomatous cholecystitis, which is a rare form of chronic 
cholecystitis. The differentiation between gallbladder carcinoma and 
xanthogranulomatous cholecystitis may not be easy and histopathological 
examination is the most accurate way to make the diagnosis.

Copyright © 2022, Alammari et al.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.21400
PMCID: PMC8856638
PMID: 35198307

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


458. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Feb 12;2022:3010901. doi: 10.1155/2022/3010901. 
eCollection 2022.

Experimental Research on the Antitumor Effect of Human Gastric Cancer Cells 
Transplanted in Nude Mice Based on Deep Learning Combined with 
Spleen-Invigorating Chinese Medicine.

Ai K(1), Yuan D(1)(2), Zheng J(1).

Author information:
(1)Medical College, China Three Gorges University, Yichang, 443000 Hubei, China.
(2)Third-Grade Pharmacological Laboratory on TCM Approved by the State 
Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine, China Three Gorges University, 
Yichang, 443000 Hubei, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9859135. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9859135.

Gastric cancer is still the fifth most common malignant tumor in the world and 
has the fourth highest mortality rate in the world. Gastric cancer is difficult 
to treat because of its unobvious onset, low resection rate, and rapid 
deterioration. Therefore, humans have been working hard to combat gastric 
cancer. At present, the most commonly used treatment method is radiotherapy. 
However, this method will damage the normal tissues of the irradiated area while 
treating malignant tumor cells. It not only has side effects of damage to the 
patient's skin and mucous membranes but also needs high-rate radiotherapy and 
has high cost for chemotherapy. In order to solve these problems, it is 
necessary to find new treatment methods. This article proposes the use of 
Chinese medicine to invigorate the spleen to inhibit human gastric cancer cells. 
This article combines modern machine learning technology with traditional 
Chinese medicine and combines traditional Chinese medicine physiotherapy with 
Western medicine nude mouse transplantation experiments. The treatment of tumors 
in Chinese medicine is based on the theory of Chinese medicine and has different 
characteristics. Western medicine has the advantage of permanently injuring 
patients. The process of the experiment is to transplant human-derived gastric 
cancer cells into nude mice. After grouping treatments and obtaining comparative 
data, deep learning techniques are used to analyze the properties of Chinese 
medicines for strengthening the spleen and to compare the properties of Chinese 
medicines for strengthening the spleen. The experimental results showed that the 
tumor inhibition rate of mice using fluorouracil was 18%, the tumor inhibition 
rate of mice using low-dose Chinese medicine was 16%, and the tumor inhibition 
rate of mice using high-dose Chinese medicine reached 52%. 80 days after the 
experiment, the survival rate of mice using high-dose Chinese medicine is 100% 
higher than that of mice without treatment.

Copyright © 2022 Ke Ai et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/3010901
PMCID: PMC8858057
PMID: 35190750 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this article.


459. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Feb 10;2022:2032895. doi: 10.1155/2022/2032895. 
eCollection 2022.

Hypoxia Tumor Microenvironment Activates GLI2 through HIF-1α and TGF-β2 to 
Promote Chemotherapy Resistance of Colorectal Cancer.

Huang K(1), Zhang X(2), Hao Y(3), Feng R(4), Wang H(4), Shu Z(2), Li A(5), Du 
M(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of General Surgery, Central Hospital of Jiangjin District, 
Chongqing, China.
(2)Research Center of Basic Medical Science, Medical College of Qinghai 
University, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Affiliated Hospital of Qinghai University, 
China.
(4)Affiliated Hospital of Qinghai University, China.
(5)Department of Neurology, Zhengzhou Central Hospital, Xinxiang Medical 
College, China.
(6)Wuwei City People's Hospital, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9825684. doi: 10.1155/2023/9825684.

BACKGROUND: A majority of relapse cases have been reported in colorectal cancer 
patients due to cancer stem cell progenitors. The factors responsible for 
chemoresistance have yet to be discovered and investigated as CSCs have reported 
escaping from chemotherapy's killing action.
OBJECTIVE: In this study, we have investigated the effects of HIF-1α and TGF-β2 
in hypoxia conditions on the expression of GLI2, which is a potential factor for 
causing chemoresistance. Material and Methods. Colorectal samples of treated 
patients were collected from the Hospital Biological Sample Library. Culture of 
patient-derived TSs and fibroblasts was performed. The collected patient samples 
and cells were used for immunohistochemistry, quantitative PCR, and western 
blotting studies which were performed.
RESULTS: It was reported that HIF-1α (hypoxia-inducible factor) and TGF-β2 
secreted from cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs) synergistically work to 
express GLI2 in cancer stem cells. Hence, it increased the stemness as well as 
resistance to chemotherapy.
CONCLUSION: The HIF-1α/TGF-β2-mediated GLI2 signaling was responsible for 
causing chemoresistance in the hypoxia environment. High expressions of 
HIF1α/TGF-β2/GLI2 cause the relapsing of colorectal cancer, thus making this a 
potential biomarker for identifying the relapse and resistance in patients. The 
study uncovers the mechanism involved in sternness and chemotherapy resistance 
which will help in targeted treatment.

Copyright © 2022 Kun Huang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/2032895
PMCID: PMC8853797
PMID: 35186110 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: No conflicts of interest, financial or 
otherwise, are declared by the authors.


460. IEEE ASME Trans Mechatron. 2022 Feb;27(1):407-417. doi: 
10.1109/tmech.2021.3064954. Epub 2021 Mar 9.

MR-Tracked Deflectable Stylet for Gynecologic Brachytherapy.

Gunderman AL(1), Schmidt EJ(2), Morcos M(3), Tokuda J(4), Seethamraju RT(5), 
Halperin HR(2), Viswanathan AN(3), Chen Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Mechanical Engineering Department, University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, AR 
72701 USA.
(2)Department of Medicine, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD., 21205.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, MD., 
21205.
(4)Department of Radiology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA., 02115.
(5)Siemens Healthineers Boston, Boston, MA, 02115.

Brachytherapy is a radiation based treatment that is implemented by precisely 
placing focused radiation sources into tumors. In advanced interstitial cervical 
cancer bracytherapy treatment, this is performed by placing a metallic rod 
("stylet") inside a hollow cylindrical tube ("catheter") and advancing the pair 
to the desired target. The stylet is removed once the target is reached, 
followed by the insertion of radiation sources into the catheter. However, 
manually advancing an initially straight stylet into the tumor with millimeter 
spatial accuracy has been a long-standing challenge, which requires multiple 
insertions and retractions, due to the unforeseen stylet deflection caused by 
the stiff muscle tissue that is traversed. In this paper, we develop a novel 
tendon-actuated deflectable stylet equipped with MR active-tracking coils that 
may enhance brachytherapy treatment outcomes by allowing accurate stylet 
trajectory control. Herein we present the design concept and fabrication method, 
followed by the kinematic and mechanics models of the deflectable stylet. The 
hardware and theoretical models are extensively validated via benchtop and 
MRI-guided characterization. At insertion depths of 60 mm, benchtop phantom 
targeting tests provided a targeting error of 1. 23 ± 0. 47 mm, and porcine 
tissue targeting tests provided a targeting error of 1. 65 ± 0. 64 mm, after 
only a single insertion. MR-guided experiments indicate that the stylet can be 
safely and accurately located within the MRI environment.

DOI: 10.1109/tmech.2021.3064954
PMCID: PMC8855967
PMID: 35185321


461. J Neurosci. 2022 Mar 23;42(12):2492-2502. doi: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.1583-21.2022. 
Epub 2022 Feb 18.

Time Course of Activity-Dependent Changes in Auditory Nerve Synapses Reveals 
Multiple Underlying Cellular Mechanisms.

Wong NF(1), Xu-Friedman MA(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Biological Sciences, University at Buffalo, State University of 
New York, Buffalo, New York 14260.
(2)Department of Biological Sciences, University at Buffalo, State University of 
New York, Buffalo, New York 14260 mx@buffalo.edu.

Abnormal levels of acoustic activity can result in hearing problems such as 
tinnitus and language processing disorders, but the underlying cellular and 
synaptic changes triggered by abnormal activity are not well understood. To 
address this issue, we studied the time course of activity-dependent changes 
that occur at auditory nerve synapses in mice of both sexes after noise exposure 
and conductive hearing loss. We found that EPSC amplitude and synaptic 
depression decreased within 2 d of noise exposure through a decrease in the 
probability of vesicle release (Pr). This was followed by a gradual increase in 
EPSC amplitude through a larger pool of releasable vesicles (N). Occlusion of 
the ear canal led to a rapid decrease in EPSC amplitude through a decrease in N, 
which was followed by an increase in EPSC amplitude and synaptic depression 
through an increase in Pr After returning to normal sound levels, synaptic 
depression recovered to control levels within 1-2 d. However, repeated exposure 
to noise for as little as 8 h/d caused synaptic changes after 7 d, suggesting 
recovery did not fully offset changes. Thus, there appear to be three 
activity-dependent mechanisms in auditory nerve synapses-bidirectional changes 
in Pr in 1-2 d, slower bidirectional changes in N through synaptic growth or 
retraction, and rapid downregulation of N with low activity. The dynamic changes 
indicate that multiple mechanisms are present to fine-tune synaptic fidelity 
across different acoustic conditions in a simple relay.SIGNIFICANCE STATEMENT 
Hearing impairments can arise from exposure to noise or conductive hearing loss. 
This appears to result from changes in the brain, but the mechanisms are not 
well understood. We study this issue by studying the synapses made by auditory 
nerve fibers called endbulbs of Held. These synapses undergo bidirectional 
changes in size and release probability of neurotransmitter in response to 
increased or decreased activity. Here, we made a close examination of how 
quickly these synaptic characteristics change, which indicates there are at 
least three cellular mechanisms underlying changes. Furthermore, repeated 
exposure to brief periods of noise can produce cumulative effects. These changes 
could significantly affect hearing, especially because they occur at the start 
of the central auditory pathway.

Copyright © 2022 the authors.

DOI: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.1583-21.2022
PMCID: PMC8944231
PMID: 35181597 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


462. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Feb 7;2022:8446294. doi: 10.1155/2022/8446294. eCollection 
2022.

Clinical Study on the Efficacy of Microwave Ablation (MA) in the Treatment of 
Stage I Renal Clear Cell Carcinoma by CT and MRI Imaging.

Zhu J(1), Chen S(1), Wang Y(2), Gao T(2), Ji Y(2), Wang S(2).

Author information:
(1)Weifang Medical University, Weifang 261053, China.
(2)Department of Urology, Weifang People's Hospital, Dezhou 261000, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Jul 12;2023:9862864. doi: 10.1155/2023/9862864.

We have proposed an effective mechanism to corroborate the efficacy of microwave 
ablation (MA) in the treatment of stage I renal clear cell carcinoma in this 
paper. For this purpose, a total of 96 patients with stage I renal clear cell 
carcinoma presented in our hospital from May 2018 to January 2021 were randomly 
divided into CT group (n = 48) and MRI group (n = 48). Patients in both groups 
were treated with microwave ablation after pathological diagnosis. Patients in 
the CT group received enhanced CT examination to monitor the therapeutic effect; 
in contrast, patients in the MRI group received MRI examination to monitor their 
therapeutic effect. The focus areas before and after tumor microwave ablation 
were compared between the two groups. The patients were followed up to 1 year 
after the operation, and the microwave ablation inactivation rates of the two 
groups were compared according to the postoperative follow-up results. There was 
no significant difference between CT and MRI in the levels of long and short 
diameter before and after microwave ablation of renal clear cell carcinoma 
(P > 0.05). In the CT group, CT examination was performed within 24 hours after 
microwave ablation treatment, and 44 of 48 ablation lesions showed complete 
ablation. The remaining 4 lesions showed nodular heterogeneous enhancement in 
the arterial phase, indicating that the tumor remained. Microwave ablation was 
performed on the residual lesions during the operation, and then enhanced CT was 
performed again to show that the lesions were ablated completely. In the MRI 
group, MRI examination was performed within 24 hours after microwave ablation 
treatment, and 45 of 48 ablation lesions showed complete ablation. The remaining 
3 lesions showed nodular heterogeneous enhancement in the arterial phase, 
indicating that the tumor remained. Microwave ablation was performed on the 
residual lesions during the operation, and MRI examination showed that the 
lesions were ablated completely. The patients were followed up to 1 year after 
the operation, and the microwave ablation inactivation rate of the two groups 
was compared according to the postoperative follow-up results as the gold 
standard. The inactivation rate of microwave ablation in the CT group was 89.58 
(43/48). The inactivation rate of microwave ablation in the MRI group was 
100.00% (48/48). The inactivation rate of microwave ablation in the MRI group 
was higher than that in the CT group (χ 2 = 5.275, P = 0.021).

Copyright © 2022 Jiang Zhu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/8446294
PMCID: PMC8843974
PMID: 35178237 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


463. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Rep. 2022 Feb 16;12(1):2656. doi: 10.1038/s41598-022-05979-1.

Evaluating the role of propolis and bee venom on the oxidative stress induced by 
gamma rays in rats.

El Adham EK(1), Hassan AI(2), A Dawoud MM(1).

Author information:
(1)Radioisotopes Department, Nuclear Research Center, Egyptian Atomic Energy 
Authority, Dokki, Giza, 12311, Egypt.
(2)Radioisotopes Department, Nuclear Research Center, Egyptian Atomic Energy 
Authority, Dokki, Giza, 12311, Egypt. virtualaml@gmail.com.

Retraction in
    Sci Rep. 2024 Apr 17;14(1):8849. doi: 10.1038/s41598-024-59116-1.

Honeybee products consist of many substances, which have long been known for 
their medicinal and health-promoting properties. This study set out to appraise 
the protective potential of Egyptian propolis (EP) and bee venom (BV) separately 
or combined against total body irradiation (TBI) induced oxidative injury in 
rats. Besides, we assessed the bioactive components in EP and BV using HPLC and 
UPLC/ ESI-MS analysis in the positive ion mode. The animals were subjected to a 
source of gamma ionizing radiation at a dose of 6 Gy. Propolis and BV were 
administered independently and in combination before 14 days of γ-irradiation. 
Liver and kidney functions were estimated besides, DNA damage index (8- OHdG) by 
ELISA. Antioxidants, including glutathione (GSH), catalase (CAT), superoxide 
dismutase (SOD), and glutathione peroxidase (GPx) were detected. Gene expression 
technique investigated for BAX, BCL2, and in plasma also miR125b expression in 
serum of rats. Besides, the histopathological for the brain, liver, kidney, and 
heart were investigated. In addition, lipid peroxidation was investigated in 
plasma and in the previous organs. The present results provide opportunities to 
advance the use of bee products as promising medicinal sources.

© 2022. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-022-05979-1
PMCID: PMC8850618
PMID: 35173181 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


464. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Heliyon. 2022 Feb;8(2):e08915. doi: 10.1016/j.heliyon.2022.e08915. Epub 2022 Feb 
8.

Impacts of smartphone radiation on pregnancy: A systematic review.

El Jarrah I(1), Rababa M(2).

Author information:
(1)Maternal and Child Health Nursing Department, Faculty of Nursing, Jordan 
University of Science and Technology, P.O. Box 3030, Irbid 22110, Jordan.
(2)Department of Adult Health Nursing, Faculty of Nursing, Jordan University of 
Science and Technology, P.O. Box 3030, Irbid 22110, Jordan.

Retraction in
    Heliyon. 2023 May 26:e16632. doi: 10.1016/j.heliyon.2023.e16632.

INTRODUCTION: The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted all aspects of people's lives, 
with many tasks and services now being delivered online in the aim of reducing 
contact and preventing further transmission of the disease. This has resulted in 
the increase in the use of portable electronic devices (i.e., mobile phones, 
smartphones, laptops), which emit different frequencies of electromagnetic field 
(EMF) radiation. However, the evidence on the harmful impacts of EMF radiation 
exposure on the human body, particularly on the abdomen of the female body 
during pregnancy, is scarce. Further, the related studies in the literature have 
yet to be systematically reviewed. If unmanaged, the absorption of EMF radiation 
by the maternal abdomen during pregnancy is associated with serious birth and 
infant outcomes.
PURPOSE: This study aimed to systematically review the published studies on the 
direct effects of EMF radiation emitted from mobile phones on pregnancy, birth, 
and infant outcomes.
METHODS: After a systematic search using the PRISMA guidelines, a total of 18 
articles were retrieved from 5 databases. Studies which addressed the negative 
outcomes of EMF radiation exposure on mothers, adults, and children's health 
were included. The research articles were then sorted based on whether their 
findings were related to the impacts of EMF on physiological or pregnancy 
outcomes.
RESULTS: The findings of this review showed that EMF radiation exposure is 
associated with hormonal, thermal, and cardiovascular changes among adults. 
However, the reviewed studies did not consider the impacts of EMF radiation 
exposure on pregnancy outcomes specifically, which makes it difficult to draw 
conclusions from this review. Only four of the reviewed studies were conducted 
among pregnant women. These studies reported that EMF radiation exposure during 
pregnancy is associated with miscarriages and fluctuations in the fetal 
temperature and heart rate variability, as well as infant anthropometric 
measures.
CONCLUSIONS: More research should be conducted to identify the specific impacts 
of EMF radiation exposure on pregnancy, birth, and infant outcomes. Healthcare 
providers and researchers are recommended to collaborate to improve public 
health through public education and updated organizational policies to limit 
these environmental risks by encouraging the use of safe technologies.

© 2022 The Authors.

DOI: 10.1016/j.heliyon.2022.e08915
PMCID: PMC8823972
PMID: 35155842

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


465. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cureus. 2022 Jan 9;14(1):e21056. doi: 10.7759/cureus.21056. eCollection 2022 
Jan.

Lymphangioma: A Rare Benign Cystic Pancreatic Lesion.

Alrasheed SM(1), Alluqmani MF(2), Almoallem SH(3), Alshibely AY(4), Alharthi 
HE(5), Alkhalifah BS(1), Almutairi RM(1), Alnefaie SA(6), Alnahdi RK(7), 
Alshehri AY(5), Al Dossary MO(8), Ergsous RF(6), Bukhamsin MT(8), Alsalam AA(9), 
Al-Hawaj F(10).

Author information:
(1)Medicine, King Saud bin Abdulaziz University for Health Sciences, Riyadh, 
SAU.
(2)Medicine, Ibn Sina National College For Medical Studies, Jeddah, SAU.
(3)Medicine, University of Dammam, Dammam, SAU.
(4)Medicine, King Saud bin Abdulaziz University for Health Sciences, Jeddah, 
SAU.
(5)Medicine, Taif University, Taif, SAU.
(6)Medicine, Umm Al-Qura University, Mecca, SAU.
(7)Medicine, King Saud University, Riyadh, SAU.
(8)Medicine, Princess Nourah Bint Abdul Rahman University, Riyadh, SAU.
(9)Medicine, King Abdulaziz University, Jeddah, SAU.
(10)Medicine, Imam Abdulrahman Bin Faisal University, Dammam, SAU.

Retraction in
    Cureus. 2024 Jan 25;16(1):r127. doi: 10.7759/cureus.r127.

Expression of concern in
    Cureus. 2022 Apr 7;14(4):x49. doi: 10.7759/cureus.x49.

Pancreatic lesions are more commonly identified nowadays with the widespread use 
of imaging investigations. Pancreatic lesions are heterogeneous groups of 
pathologies with different behavior and prognosis. It is quite difficult to 
differentiate these lesions because of the shared clinical manifestation and the 
overlapping imaging features of these lesions. We report the case of a 
38-year-old woman who presented with a complaint of a 3-month history of 
epigastric abdominal pain radiating to her back. She reported a gradual increase 
in the severity of the pain. She described it as sharp in quality and was 
exacerbated with food intake and was alleviated by oral paracetamol. There was 
no history of abdominal distension, weight loss, or change in appetite. Apart 
from asthma, she had no other comorbid conditions or previous surgeries. She was 
referred to have an abdominal computed tomography scan which showed a large 
lesion that appears to arise from the head of the pancreas and was cystic with 
no soft tissue component. The radiological impression was a lymphoepithelial 
cyst, duplication cyst, pseudocyst from previous acute pancreatitis, 
lymphangioma, or intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm. The decision for open 
surgical removal was decided. The patient underwent laparotomy and the cystic 
lesion was identified as arising from the pancreatic head. Complete resection of 
the mass was carried out with no complications. Histopathological examination 
revealed cystic lesions with the presence of lymphoid cells aggregates 
peripherally. The lining of the channels was positive for CD31 and was negative 
for CD34. Such findings conferred the diagnosis of lymphangioma. Lymphangioma is 
a very rare tumor of the pancreas with non-specific clinical and imaging 
features. Complete surgical resection of the lesion is the treatment of choice 
and the prognosis of the tumor is favorable if the tumor was resected 
completely.

Copyright © 2022, Alrasheed et al.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.21056
PMCID: PMC8825325
PMID: 35155021

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


466. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Feb 2;2022:4132989. doi: 10.1155/2022/4132989. eCollection 
2022.

Application of Artificial Intelligence in Radiotherapy of Nasopharyngeal 
Carcinoma with Magnetic Resonance Imaging.

Zhao W(1), Zhang D(2), Mao X(1).

Author information:
(1)Radiotherapy Department, Huzhou Central Hospital and Affiliated Central 
Hospital Huzhou University, Huzhou 313003, China.
(2)Radiology Department, Huzhou Central Hospital and Affiliated Central Hospital 
Huzhou University, Huzhou 313003, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9825710. doi: 10.1155/2023/9825710.

The value of automatic organ-at-risk outlining software for radiotherapy is 
based on artificial intelligence technology in clinical applications. The 
accuracy of automatic segmentation of organs at risk (OARs) in radiotherapy for 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma was investigated. In the automatic segmentation model 
which is proposed in this paper, after CT scans and manual segmentation by 
physicians, CT images of 147 nasopharyngeal cancer patients and their 
corresponding outlined OARs structures were selected and grouped into a training 
set (115 cases), a validation set (12 cases), and a test set (20 cases) by 
complete randomization. Adaptive histogram equalization is used to preprocess 
the CT images. End-to-end training is utilized to improve modeling efficiency 
and an improved network based on 3D Unet (AUnet) is implemented to introduce 
organ size as prior knowledge into the convolutional kernel size design to 
enable the network to adaptively extract features from organs of different 
sizes, thus improving the performance of the model. The DSC (Dice Similarity 
Coefficient) coefficients and Hausdorff (HD) distances of automatic and manual 
segmentation are compared to verify the effectiveness of the AUnet network. The 
mean DSC and HD of the test set were 0.86 ± 0.02 and 4.0 ± 2.0 mm, respectively. 
Except for optic nerve and optic cross, there was no statistical difference 
between AUnet and manual segmentation results (P > 0.05). With the introduction 
of the adaptive mechanism, AUnet can achieve automatic segmentation of the 
endangered organs of nasopharyngeal carcinoma based on CT images more 
accurately, which can substantially improve the efficiency and consistency of 
segmentation of doctors in clinical applications.

Copyright © 2022 Wanlu Zhao et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/4132989
PMCID: PMC8828321
PMID: 35154619 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


467. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2022 Jun;29(29):44906-44916. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-022-18861-4. Epub 2022 Feb 9.

The assessment of the protective impact of spidroin extract against UV-A 
radiation damage by using earthworms (Aporrectodea caliginosa) as a robust human 
skin model via macroscopic and histological observations.

El-Aziz FEAA(1), Ismail MS(2), Askary AE(3), El-Kott AF(4)(5), Tantawy AA(6).

Author information:
(1)Zoology Department, Faculty of Science, Assiut University, Assiut, Egypt.
(2)Pharmaceutics Department, Faculty of Pharmacy, South Valley University, Qena, 
Egypt.
(3)Department of Clinical Laboratory Sciences, College of Applied Medical 
Sciences, Taif University, P.O.Box 11099, Taif, 21944, Saudi Arabia.
(4)Biology Department, Faculty of Science, King Khalid University, Abha, 61421, 
Saudi Arabia.
(5)Zoology Department, College of Science, Damanhour University, Damanhour, 
22511, Egypt.
(6)Biotechnology Department, Faculty of Science, Zagazig University, Zagazig, 
Egypt. ahmedtan12314@yahoo.com.

Retraction in
    Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2024 Jun;31(29):42493. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-024-33994-4.

Numerous studies have confirmed the damage caused by excessive exposure to 
ultraviolet-A rays. Malignant melanoma and skin cancer are two of the most 
serious health consequences. Thus, the UV-A protectant is intended to protect 
the skin, especially the two primary layers of skin (epidermis that represents 
the interface between the body and its surroundings and dermis). Spider silk is 
the most powerful natural fibre due to its regeneration, biocompatibility, 
antimicrobial, wound healing, antiseptic, and blood clotting properties. This 
work targeted to determine the protective effect of spidroin extract against 
UV-A radiation damage. Earthworms Aporrectodea caliginosa were collected from 
Assiut University's farm. Each set of ten earthworms was separated into six 
groups and placed in a plastic container. Webs of spiders collected from trees 
and old houses. Spidroin was extracted and utilised in this work to determine 
the potential effects of topical application on UV-A protection. The experiment 
is divided into two sections: (1) UV-A exposure and (2) the use of spidroin 
extract to protect the earthworms from ultraviolet radiation. Two control groups 
(1،2) of worms were not received UV-A exposure, and four groups (3,4,5,6) were 
exposed to UVR-A. In contrast, groups (5,6) were received spidroin extract 
before exposure to UV-A. Each group from the groups (3,4,5,6) was exposed for 
three consecutive days (¼ hour/day, ½ hour/day, and 1 h/day), using a UV-Lamp 
with a wavelength of 366 nm. The histopathological changes revealed that after 
1⁄4 h of UV exposure, the cuticle was swollen with a slightly detached 
epithelium. The cuticle was down after 1⁄2 h of exposure, and the epidermis was 
totally damaged and necrosed. After 1 h, the exposure showed destruction of the 
epidermis in the circular muscle with a loss of muscle filament integrity, 
varying size, and altered nucleus form, along with mild disintegration of 
longitudinal muscle. Spidroin extract is critical for earthworm protection 
against UV-A radiation damage and able to regeneration. For the first time, 
morphological and histological analysis was established to detect the Spidroin 
extract evaluated for topical application on earthworms. Earthworms can be 
considered as a robust human skin model prior to UV-A exposure. It induces a 
complete protective effect against UV-A radiation damage in earthworms.

© 2022. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1007/s11356-022-18861-4
PMCID: PMC9200702
PMID: 35141825 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


468. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2022 Jan 31;2022:1948657. doi: 10.1155/2022/1948657. eCollection 
2022.

Radiosensitizing Effect of Celastrol by Inhibiting G2/M Phase Arrest Induced by 
the c-myc Gene of Human SW1353 Chondrosarcoma Cells: Network and Experimental 
Analyses.

Qian J(1), Zhang Z(1), Han X(1), Zhu L(1), Bian Z(1), Xie T(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Orthopedic Surgery, Affiliated Hangzhou First People's 
Hospital, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, Hangzhou 310006, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2024 Mar 20;2024:9784090. doi: 10.1155/2024/9784090.

OBJECTIVE: Studies have unveiled that the components of Tripterygium wilfordii 
Hook F (TWHF) such as celastrol could attenuate apoptosis and proliferation of 
various tumor cells. This study is focused on the radiosensitization effect and 
apoptotic pathways of celastrol via the inhibition of the c-myc gene and the 
influence of which combined with radiotherapy on the proliferation, apoptosis, 
invasion, and metastasis of chondrosarcoma cells.
METHODS: A variety of bioinformatic tools were applied to explore the expression 
level and prognosis of the c-myc gene in different tumor cells and 
chondrosarcoma cells. We used pharmacology network to analyze the components, 
pathways, targets, molecular functions of TWHF and explore the relevant 
effective components over the MYC gene. Clone formation assay, CCK-8 assay, flow 
cytometry, and transwell migration assay were applied to detect the effects of 
celastrol on the expression of c-myc gene, cell apoptosis, and cell cycle. 
Radiation therapy was used to observe the radiosensitization effect of celastrol 
on chondrosarcoma.
RESULTS: This study shows that the c-myc gene is overexpressed in various tumor 
cells and bone tumor cells to varying degrees. Celastrol can significantly 
inhibit the expression of the c-myc gene, induce G2/M phase arrest through 
regulation of G2/M phase-related proteins, and promote SW1353 cell apoptosis 
through the mitochondrial signaling pathway. In addition, we also found that the 
use of triptorubin to inhibit c-myc gene expression in combination with 
radiotherapy can increase the osteosarcoma cells' apoptosis rate through the 
mitochondrial signaling pathway significantly.
CONCLUSIONS: Our study validated the radiosensitization effect of celastrol 
through knocking down the expression of the c-myc gene to induce G2/M phase 
arrest and provides a new idea for the treatment of refractory or recurrent 
chondrosarcoma that is not sensitive to radiotherapy.

Copyright © 2022 Jin Qian et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/1948657
PMCID: PMC8820907
PMID: 35141331 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


469. Transl Cancer Res. 2021 Jul;10(7):3605. doi: 10.21037/tcr-21-1136.

Retraction: Overexpression of HDAC8 and down-regulation of CDKN2A is associated 
with worse prognosis of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.

Nesa EU(1), Chen X(1), Wang C(1), Chen X(1), Wang Y(2), Qu Y(1), Mi S(1), Guan 
S(1), Xiao F(1), Cheng Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Qilu Hospital of Shandong University, 
Ji'nan 250012, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Linyi People's Hospital, Linyi 276003, 
China.

Retraction of
    Transl Cancer Res. 2020 Mar;9(3):1406-1417. doi: 10.21037/tcr.2020.01.32.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.21037/tcr.2020.01.32.].

2021 Translational Cancer Research. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.21037/tcr-21-1136
PMCID: PMC8798116
PMID: 35129551

Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: All authors have 
completed the ICMJE uniform disclosure form (available at 
https://dx.doi.org/10.21037/tcr-21-1136). The authors have no conflicts of 
interest to declare.


470. J Curr Ophthalmol. 2022 Jan 6;33(4):367-378. doi: 10.4103/joco.joco_153_20. 
eCollection 2021 Oct-Dec.

Recurrent Pterygium: A Review.

Ghiasian L(1), Samavat B(1)(2), Hadi Y(1), Arbab M(3), Abolfathzadeh N(1)(4).

Author information:
(1)Eye Research Center, The Five Senses Institute, Rassoul Akram Hospital, Iran 
University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(2)Eye Research Center, Farabi Eye Hospital, Tehran University of Medical 
Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Indiana University, Indiana, USA.
(4)Alavi Eye Hospital, Faculty of Medicine, Tabriz University of Medical 
Sciences, Tabriz, Iran.

PURPOSE: To summarize the recent evidence regarding different aspects of 
pterygium recurrence.
METHODS: Human-based studies from PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar were 
identified using the following keywords: conjunctival disease, pterygium, 
recurrent pterygium, pterygium recurrence, pterygium management/surgery, 
conjunctival autograft (CAU), amniotic membrane graft/transplant, and adjuvant 
therapy (January 2009 to February 2021). We reviewed risk factors associated 
with the recurrence of pterygium, timing of recurrence, medical treatments to 
prevent from recurrence, and nonsurgical and surgical alternatives for 
management of recurrence.
RESULTS: Dry eye disease, black race, and young age are considered definite risk 
factors for recurrence. However, fleshy appearance of the pterygium and 
preoperative size remain controversial. Surgical techniques such as excessive 
suturing, insufficient conjunctival graft size, thick conjunctival graft with 
remained Tenon tissue, and postoperative graft retraction are considered 
possible risk factors for recurrence. Using fibrin glue instead of sutures can 
further reduce recurrence rates. Although recurrence could occur even after many 
years, most recurrences happen in the first 3-6 months after surgery. Multiple 
kinds of adjuvant medications are used before, during, or after the operation 
including mitomycin C (MMC), 5-ﬂuorouracil (5-FU), corticosteroids, and 
anti-vascular endothelial growth factors (anti-VEGFs). Multiple weekly 
subconjunctival 5-FU injections are shown to be safe and effective in halting 
the progression of recurrent pterygium. Although topical bevacizumab is found to 
inhibit the growth of impending recurrent pterygium, the effect is mostly 
temporary. CAU is superior to amniotic membrane transplantation in the treatment 
for recurrent pterygia.
CONCLUSIONS: There is yet to be a panacea in treating recurrent pterygium. 
Currently, there is not a globally accepted recommendation for treating 
recurrent pterygium with anti-VEGFs or 5-FU as a nonsurgical treatment. We 
strongly recommend using MMC as an adjunct to surgery in recurrent cases, with 
consideration of its specific complications. CAU is the most effective surgical 
treatment for recurrent pterygium, and other new surgical therapies need further 
investigation.

Copyright: © 2022 Journal of Current Ophthalmology.

DOI: 10.4103/joco.joco_153_20
PMCID: PMC8772501
PMID: 35128181

Conflict of interest statement: There are no conflicts of interest.


471. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Appl Bionics Biomech. 2022 Jan 27;2022:8537966. doi: 10.1155/2022/8537966. 
eCollection 2022.

A Review on the Application of PD-1 Blockade in EBV-Associated Nasopharyngeal 
Carcinoma Immunotherapy.

Bian J(1), Niu Y(2), Ma Y(1), Chen F(1), Ma N(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, The Central Hospital of Panzhihua, 
Panzhihua, Sichuan 617000, China.
(2)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Kunming 
Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan 650101, China.

Retraction in
    Appl Bionics Biomech. 2023 Nov 1;2023:9829630. doi: 10.1155/2023/9829630.

Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) linked with nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is 
considered to be one of the most prevalent head and neck malignancies in East 
and Southeast Asia. Although radiotherapy and chemotherapy are effective 
treatments for NPC, they have immunosuppressive effects. Immunotherapy has got 
considerable attention of clinicians for cancer treatment in recent years due to 
proven success of PD-1/PD-L 1 inhibition in solid tumors trials. The distinct 
immunological environment of EBV-associated NPC presents a reasonable 
therapeutic target for PD-1/PD-L 1 inhibition. Immune checkpoint blockade 
therapy targeting the programmed cell death-1 (PD-1) and programmed cell death 
ligand-1 (PD-L 1) receptors have shown efficacy in early phase I clinical 
trials, with ongoing phase III clinical trials. Herein, we have extensively 
addressed the role of the PD-1/PD-L1 axis in the immunotherapy of EBV-associated 
NPC. Immunotherapeutic strategies are anticipated to enter mainstream clinical 
practise and provide long-term remissions in patients with severe NPC.

Copyright © 2022 Jin Bian et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/8537966
PMCID: PMC8813251
PMID: 35126664

Conflict of interest statement: The authors of this review article declared no 
competing interest.


472. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Jan 27;2022:5823720. doi: 10.1155/2022/5823720. 
eCollection 2022.

Artificial Intelligence Algorithm-Based Computed Tomography Image of Both 
Kidneys in Diagnosis of Renal Dysplasia.

Liu Y(1), Tang S(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Urology Surgery, The Third Affiliated Hospital, Hengyang 
Medical School, University of South China, Hengyang, 421001 Hunan, China.
(2)Department of Endocrine Nephrology, The Third Affiliated Hospital, Hengyang 
Medical School, University of South China, Hengyang, 421001 Hunan, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9834943. doi: 10.1155/2023/9834943.

The objective of this study was to explore the accuracy of low-dosage computed 
tomography (CT) images based on the expectation maximization algorithm denoising 
algorithm (EM algorithm) in the detection and diagnosis of renal dysplasia, so 
as to provide reasonable research basis for accuracy improvement of clinical 
diagnosis of renal dysplasia. 120 patients with renal dysplasia in hospital were 
randomly selected as the research objects, and they were divided into two groups 
by random number method, with 60 patients in each group. The low-dosage CT 
images of patients in the control group were not processed (nonalgorithm group), 
and the low-dosage CT images of patients in the observation group were denoised 
using the EM algorithm (algorithm group). In addition, it was compared with the 
results of the comprehensive diagnosis (gold standard) to analyze the accuracy 
of the diagnosis of the two groups of patients and the consistency with the 
results of the pathological diagnosis. The results were compared with those of 
the comprehensive diagnosis (gold standard) to analyze the accuracy of the 
diagnosis of the two groups of patients. The results showed that the peak 
signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) (15.9 dB) of the EM algorithm was higher than the 
regularized adaptive matching pursuit (RAMP) algorithm (1.69 dB) and the mean 
filter (4.3 dB) (P < 0.05). The time consumption of EM algorithm (21 s) was 
shorter than that of PWLS algorithm (34 s) and MS-PWLS algorithm (39 s) (P < 
0.05). The diagnosis accuracy of dysplasia of single kidney, absence of single 
kidney, horseshoe kidney, and duplex kidney was obviously higher in the 
algorithm group than the control group (P < 0.05), which were 66.67% vs. 90%, 
60% vs. 88.89%, 71.42% vs. 100%, and 60% vs. 88.89%, respectively. The incidence 
of hypertension in patients with autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease 
(ADPKD) (56.77%) was much higher than that of the other diseases (P < 0.05). 
After denoising by the EM algorithm, low-dosage CT image could improve the 
diagnostic accuracy of several types of renal dysplasia except ADPKD, showing 
certain clinical application value. In addition, ADPKD was easy to cause 
hypertension.

Copyright © 2022 Yonghui Liu and Siai Tang.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/5823720
PMCID: PMC8813217
PMID: 35126629 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


473. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Ther Oncolytics. 2022 Jan 4;24:371-384. doi: 10.1016/j.omto.2021.12.024. 
eCollection 2022 Mar 17.

Comprehensive analysis of FKBP4/NR3C1/TMEM173 signaling pathway in 
triple-negative breast cancer cell and dendritic cell among tumor 
microenvironment.

Xiong H(1), Chen Z(2), Lin B(1), Chen W(1), Li Q(1), Li Y(1), Fang M(1), Wang 
Y(1), Zhang H(1), Lu Y(1), Bi A(1), Wu S(1), Jia Y(1), Wang X(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Zhejiang Provincial People's Hospital, 
People's Hospital of Hangzhou Medical College, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310000, China.
(2)Surgical Intensive Care Unit, First Affiliated Hospital, Zhejiang University, 
Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310000, China.
(3)Department of Medical Oncology, Zhejiang Provincial People's Hospital, 
People's Hospital of Hangzhou Medical College, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310000, China.

Retraction in
    Mol Ther Oncolytics. 2022 May 10;25:263. doi: 10.1016/j.omto.2022.05.002.

TMEM173 is a pattern recognition receptor detecting cytoplasmic nucleic acids 
and transmits cGAS related signals that activate host innate immune responses. 
It has also been found to be involved in tumor immunity and tumorigenesis. In 
this study, we first identified that the FKBP4/NR3C1 axis was a novel negative 
regulator of TMEM173 in human breast cancer (BC) cells. The effect of FKBP4 
appeared to be at the transcriptional level of TMEM173, because it could 
suppress the promoter activity of TMEM173, thereby affecting TMEM173 at mRNA and 
protein levels. Past studies, our bioinformatics analysis, and in vitro 
experiments further implied that FKBP4 regulated TMEM173 via regulating nuclear 
translocation of NR3C1. We then demonstrated that the FKBP4/NR3C1/TMEM173 
signaling pathway could regulate autophagy and proliferation of BC cells as well 
as dendritic cell (DC) abundance through exosome release. Our study found an 
unprecedented strategy used by BC to escape from TMEM173 mediated tumor 
suppression. Identification of the FKBP4/NR3C1 axis as a novel TMEM173 regulator 
would provide insights for novel anti-tumor strategy against BC among tumor 
microenvironment.

© 2022 The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1016/j.omto.2021.12.024
PMCID: PMC8792076
PMID: 35118194

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


474. Transl Cancer Res. 2021 Oct;10(10):4316-4326. doi: 10.21037/tcr-21-1189.

Characteristics of stereotactic radiotherapy clinical trials registered on 
ClinicalTrials.gov.

Zhang X(1), Yang DY(1), Wang C(1), Huang L(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Chongqing University Cancer Hospital, 
Chongqing, China.

BACKGROUND: We aim to analyze the characteristics of stereotactic radiotherapy 
trials registered on ClinicalTrials.gov, and to compare completed and stopped 
early trials to identify predictors of trial failure.
METHODS: All interventional stereotactic radiotherapy trials registered on 
ClinicalTrials.gov before Dec 31, 2019 were downloaded. Trial characteristics 
over time and between different regions were compared by Chi-square test. Binary 
logistic regression was used to explore characteristics associated with trials 
stopped early.
RESULTS: A total of 760 trials were included. A higher proportion of trials were 
about lung cancer (20.4%), prostate cancer (14.7%) and central nervous system 
(14.6%). Most trials were phase1 and/or 2 trials (63.0%), single group (62.4%), 
nonrandomized (71.7%), open-label (95.0%) and single center (75.8%). The median 
sample size was 40 (0-1,716). Only 15.1% and 13.5% were funded by industry and 
National Institutes of Health (NIH), respectively. 15.4% stopped early with 
status includes "suspended", "terminated" and "withdrawn". Of the 113 
"completed" trials, only 28 were published on PubMed. Compared with 2010 to 
2014, trials from 2015 to 2019 were more likely to be randomized (20.0% vs. 
34.4%; P=0.001), with 2 study arms (27.1% vs. 42.1%; P=0.002), industry-funded 
(11.0% vs. 19.1%; P=0.028) and conducted in Asia (7.6% to 15.8%; P=0.002). 
Trials from North America were more oriented toward phase 1 research (24.4% vs. 
6.1% for Europe and 6.5% for Asia, P<0.001), nonrandomized (77.7% vs. 56.8% for 
Europe and 64.1% for Asia, P<0.001). Trials from Asia were more likely to have 
recruiting status (56.5% vs. 45.5% for Europe and 43.6% for North America, 
P<0.001). Multivariate regression analysis showed that randomized (OR 8.090, 
P=0.001), and enrollment patients ≤50 (OR 3.813, P<0.001) were associated with 
trials stopped early.
CONCLUSIONS: Stereotactic radiotherapy trials are predominantly early-phase, 
small, single arm, nonrandomized and open label. Trials with randomized 
allocation or enrollment patients ≤50 were more likely to stop early.

2021 Translational Cancer Research. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.21037/tcr-21-1189
PMCID: PMC8797335
PMID: 35116290

Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: All authors have 
completed the ICMJE uniform disclosure form (available at 
https://dx.doi.org/10.21037/tcr-21-1189). The authors have no conflicts of 
interest to declare.


475. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cureus. 2021 Dec 28;13(12):e20774. doi: 10.7759/cureus.20774. eCollection 2021 
Dec.

Treatment of Trigeminal Neuralgia With Stereotactic Radiosurgery Improved 
Symptoms of Morbihan Syndrome.

Burgess L(1)(2), Mula-Hussain L(3)(1), Malone S(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Division of Radiation Oncology, University of 
Ottawa, Ottawa, CAN.
(2)Department of Radiology, Division of Radiation Oncology, The Ottawa Hospital 
Research Institute, Ottawa, CAN.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Sultan Qaboos Cancer Centre, Muscat, OMN.

Retraction in
    Cureus. 2022 Jul 7;14(7):r60. doi: 10.7759/cureus.r60.

Trigeminal neuralgia (TN) is a neuropathic pain disorder characterized by 
paroxysmal pain in the maxillary and mandibular regions of the face. Morbihan 
syndrome is a disease that classically presents with dermatologic findings, 
including progressive facial edema and erythema. There are no previous reports 
of the onset of trigeminal neuralgia with Morbihan syndrome or previous reports 
describing improvement in symptoms of Morbihan syndrome with treatment of 
trigeminal neuralgia. We describe the case of a 62-year-old female who presented 
with trigeminal neuralgia and shortly thereafter developed significant facial 
edema and was diagnosed with Morbihan syndrome. The neuralgia was refractory to 
medical management and was effectively treated with stereotactic radiosurgery 
(SRS). This coincided with an improvement in her Morbihan syndrome that is now 
controlled following stereotactic radiosurgery and continued lymphatic massage.

Copyright © 2021, Burgess et al.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.20774
PMCID: PMC8793666
PMID: 35111459

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared financial 
relationships, which are detailed in the next section.


476. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Intell Neurosci. 2022 Jan 21;2022:9296770. doi: 10.1155/2022/9296770. 
eCollection 2022.

A Neural Network-Based Method for Fast Capture and Tracking of Laser Links 
between Nonorbiting Platforms.

Li B(1), Yu S(1), Ma J(1), Tan L(1).

Author information:
(1)National Key Laboratory of Tunable Laser Technology, Harbin Institute of 
Technology, Harbin, Heilongjiang 150001, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Intell Neurosci. 2023 Jul 26;2023:9803049. doi: 10.1155/2023/9803049.

In this paper, a neural network approach is used to conduct an in-depth study 
and analysis of the fast capture tracking method for laser links between 
nonorbiting platforms. The experimental platform of the convolutional neural 
network- (CNN-) based free-space optical communication (FSO) wavefront 
correction system is built indoors, and the wavefront distortion correction 
performance of the CNN-based wavefront correction method is investigated. The 
experimental results show that the coupling power loss can be reduced to small 
after the CNN method correction under weak and strong turbulence. The accuracy 
of the above model is verified by comparing the simulation data with the 
experimentally measured data, thus realizing the coordinate decoupling of the 
coarse aiming mechanism and weakening the influence of structural factors on the 
tracking accuracy of the system. The tracking correlation equation of the 
influence of beam far-field dynamic characteristics on the tracking stability of 
the link is established, and the correlation factor variance of beam far-field 
dynamic characteristics is used to provide a quantitative analysis method for 
the evaluation and prediction of the comprehensive performance of the link 
tracking stability. The influence of beam divergence angle, wavefront 
distortion, detector accuracy, and atmospheric turbulence disturbance on the 
correlation factor variance of beam far-field dynamic characteristics of laser 
link beacons is modelled, and the link tracking stability optimization method is 
proposed under the requirement of link tracking accuracy, which provides an 
effective solution analysis method to realize the improvement of laser link 
tracking stability.

Copyright © 2022 Bo Li et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9296770
PMCID: PMC8799350
PMID: 35096049 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest.


477. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Pharmacother. 2022 Feb;146:112608. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2021.112608. 
Epub 2021 Dec 28.

RETRACTED: mPEG-b-P(Glu-co-Phe) nanoparticles increase gastric retention time 
and gastric ulcer treatment efficacy of 20(S)-ginsenoside Rg3.

Cao L(1), Wang S(2), Zhang L(3), Li J(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pathology, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, Changchun 
No.218 Ziqiang Street, Jilin, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun No.218 Ziqiang Street, Jilin, China.
(3)Department of General Surgery, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun No.218 Ziqiang Street, Jilin, China.
(4)Department of General Surgery, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun No.218 Ziqiang Street, Jilin, China. Electronic address: 
jnli@ciac.ac.cn.

Erratum in
    Biomed Pharmacother. 2022 Aug;152:113213. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2022.113213.

Retraction in
    Biomed Pharmacother. 2023 Apr;160:114279. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2023.114279.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal (http://www.elsevier.com/locate/withdrawalpolicy). On behalf of all 
authors, the corresponding author, Jiannan Li, is retracting the above article. 
The authors informed the journal that they mistakenly provided inappropriate H&E 
and EGFR immunohistochemical images for the Rg3-NPs group in Fig. 9 of the 
published article. The results in Fig. 9D cannot be reproduced as originally 
published. Importantly, in the present version, Rg3-NPs groups do not show an 
EGFR promotion effect compared to Rg3 and Cimetidine groups. Therefore, their 
final results and conclusions are not supported. The authors sincerely apologise 
to the editors and journal readership for these oversights and inconvenience 
that this may have caused.

Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Masson SAS.. All rights 
reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biopha.2021.112608
PMID: 35062071 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


478. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Front Cell Dev Biol. 2022 Jan 3;9:813996. doi: 10.3389/fcell.2021.813996. 
eCollection 2021.

BCNet: A Novel Network for Blood Cell Classification.

Zhu Z(1), Lu S(1), Wang SH(1), Górriz JM(2), Zhang YD(1)(3).

Author information:
(1)School of Computing and Mathematical Sciences, University of Leicester, 
Leicester, United Kingdom.
(2)Department of Signal Theory, Networking and Communications, University of 
Granada, Granada, Spain.
(3)Guangxi Key Laboratory of Trusted Software, Guilin University of Electronic 
Technology, Guilin, China.

Retraction in
    Front Cell Dev Biol. 2024 Jan 05;11:1358376. doi: 
10.3389/fcell.2023.1358376.

Aims: Most blood diseases, such as chronic anemia, leukemia (commonly known as 
blood cancer), and hematopoietic dysfunction, are caused by environmental 
pollution, substandard decoration materials, radiation exposure, and long-term 
use certain drugs. Thus, it is imperative to classify the blood cell images. 
Most cell classification is based on the manual feature, machine learning 
classifier or the deep convolution network neural model. However, manual feature 
extraction is a very tedious process, and the results are usually 
unsatisfactory. On the other hand, the deep convolution neural network is 
usually composed of massive layers, and each layer has many parameters. 
Therefore, each deep convolution neural network needs a lot of time to get the 
results. Another problem is that medical data sets are relatively small, which 
may lead to overfitting problems. Methods: To address these problems, we propose 
seven models for the automatic classification of blood cells: BCARENet, 
BCR5RENet, BCMV2RENet, BCRRNet, BCRENet, BCRSNet, and BCNet. The BCNet model is 
the best model among the seven proposed models. The backbone model in our method 
is selected as the ResNet-18, which is pre-trained on the ImageNet set. To 
improve the performance of the proposed model, we replace the last four layers 
of the trained transferred ResNet-18 model with the three randomized neural 
networks (RNNs), which are RVFL, ELM, and SNN. The final outputs of our BCNet 
are generated by the ensemble of the predictions from the three randomized 
neural networks by the majority voting. We use four multi-classification indexes 
for the evaluation of our model. Results: The accuracy, average precision, 
average F1-score, and average recall are 96.78, 97.07, 96.78, and 96.77%, 
respectively. Conclusion: We offer the comparison of our model with 
state-of-the-art methods. The results of the proposed BCNet model are much 
better than other state-of-the-art methods.

Copyright © 2022 Zhu, Lu, Wang, Górriz and Zhang.

DOI: 10.3389/fcell.2021.813996
PMCID: PMC8762289
PMID: 35047515

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


479. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2022 Jan 7;2022:1125932. doi: 10.1155/2022/1125932. 
eCollection 2022.

Novel lncRNA AL033381.2 Promotes Hepatocellular Carcinoma Progression by 
Upregulating PRKRA Expression.

Wang F(1)(2), Zhu L(2), Xue Q(3), Tang C(4), Tang W(2), Zhang N(1), Dai C(5), 
Chen Z(2).

Author information:
(1)Medical College of Nantong University, Nantong, Jiangsu 226000, China.
(2)Department of General Surgery, Affiliated Hospital of Nantong University, 
Nantong, Jiangsu 226000, China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Affiliated Hospital of Nantong University, 
Nantong, Jiangsu 226000, China.
(4)Department of General Surgery, Affiliated Hospital 2 of Nantong University, 
Nantong, Jiangsu 226000, China.
(5)Institute of Organ Transplantation, Tongji Hospital, Tongji Medical College, 
Huazhong University of Science and Technology; Key Laboratory of Organ 
Transplantation, Ministry of Education, NHC Key Laboratory of Organ 
Transplantation, Key Laboratory of Organ Transplantation, Chinese Academy of 
Medical Sciences, Wuhan, Hubei 430030, China.

Retraction in
    Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9894384. doi: 10.1155/2023/9894384.

Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a common malignant tumor that is characterized 
by aggressiveness and poor prognosis. Accumulating evidence indicates that 
oxidative stress plays a crucial role in carcinogenesis, whereas the potential 
mechanism between oxidative stress and carcinogenic effects remains elusive. In 
recent years, long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) in cancers have attracted extensive 
attention and have been shown to be involved in oxidative stress response and 
carcinogenesis. Nevertheless, the roles of lncRNA AL033381.2 in regulating the 
development and progression of HCC still remain unclear. The purpose of our 
study was to evaluate the potential effects and molecular mechanisms of 
AL033381.2 that may be involved in oxidative stress response in HCC. Using 
bioinformatics analyses based on the TCGA database, we screened and identified a 
novel lncRNA AL033381.2 in HCC, which may be involved in oxidative stress 
responses. qRT-PCR analysis revealed that AL033381.2 is upregulated in HCC 
tissues. Through in vitro and in vivo experiments, we found that AL033381.2 
dramatically facilitates the growth and metastasis of HCC. Mechanistically, RNA 
pull-down experiments, mass spectrometry, PathArray™, and RIP were used to 
determine that AL033381.2 binds to PRKRA and may be involved in 
AL033381.2-mediated oncogenic functions in HCC cells. Moreover, rescue 
experiments demonstrated that PRKRA overexpression rescues the abilities of HCC 
cell proliferation, migration, and invasion that were affected by AL033381.2 
knockdown. Furthermore, we produced a nanoparticle-based siRNA delivery system 
and tested its therapeutic effects in vivo. The results showed that the in vivo 
growth rate of the tumors treated with the nanoparticle/AL033381.2 siRNA 
complexes was dramatically lower than those treated with the 
nanoparticle/scramble siRNA complexes. Taken together, our results suggest that 
the novel lncRNA AL033381.2 may be involved in oxidative stress response by 
targeting oxidative stress-related genes in HCC. AL033381.2 plays vital 
oncogenic roles in HCC progression and may be a novel therapeutic marker for HCC 
diagnosis and treatment.

Copyright © 2022 Feiran Wang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/1125932
PMCID: PMC8759831
PMID: 35035655 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have no conflicts of interest to 
declare.


480. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2022 Jan 4;2022:8302674. doi: 10.1155/2022/8302674. eCollection 
2022.

Machine Learning Techniques for Human Age and Gender Identification Based on 
Teeth X-Ray Images.

Santosh KC(1), Pradeep N(1), Goel V(2), Ranjan R(3), Pandey E(4), Shukla PK(5), 
Nuagah SJ(6).

Author information:
(1)CS&E Department, Bapuji Institute of Engineering and Technology, Davangere, 
Karnataka, India.
(2)Department of Information Technology, KIET Group of Institutions, Delhi-NCR 
Meerut Road (NH-58), Ghaziabad 201206, Uttar Pradesh, India.
(3)School of Computing Science and Engineering, Galgotias University, Greater 
Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India.
(4)Applied Science Department, Bundelkhand Institute of Engineering and 
Technology, Jhansi, Uttar Pradesh, India.
(5)Computer Science & Engineering Department, University Institute of 
Technology, Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya, Technological University 
of Madhya Pradesh, Bhopal 462033, India.
(6)Department of Electrical Engineering, Tamale Technical University, Tamale, 
Ghana.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Oct 11;2023:9812937. doi: 10.1155/2023/9812937.

The use of digital medical images is increasing with advanced computational 
power that has immensely contributed to developing more sophisticated machine 
learning techniques. Determination of age and gender of individuals was manually 
performed by forensic experts by their professional skills, which may take a few 
days to generate results. A fully automated system was developed that identifies 
the gender of humans and age based on digital images of teeth. Since teeth are a 
strong and unique part of the human body that exhibits least subject to risk in 
natural structure and remains unchanged for a longer duration, the process of 
identification of gender- and age-related information from human beings is 
systematically carried out by analyzing OPG (orthopantomogram) images. A total 
of 1142 digital X-ray images of teeth were obtained from dental colleges from 
the population of the middle-east part of Karnataka state in India. 80% of the 
digital images were considered for training purposes, and the remaining 20% of 
teeth images were for the testing cases. The proposed gender and age 
determination system finds its application widely in the forensic field to 
predict results quickly and accurately. The prediction system was carried out 
using Multiclass SVM (MSVM) classifier algorithm for age estimation and LIBSVM 
classifier for gender prediction, and 96% of accuracy was achieved from the 
system.

Copyright © 2022 K. C. Santosh et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/8302674
PMCID: PMC8752215
PMID: 35028124 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declared that they do not have any 
conflicts of interest.


481. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Oncol. 2022 Jan 3;2022:9913700. doi: 10.1155/2022/9913700. eCollection 2022.

TMEM60 Promotes the Proliferation and Migration and Inhibits the Apoptosis of 
Glioma through Modulating AKT Signaling.

Wu J(1), Tang X(1), Yu X(1), Zhang X(1), Yang W(2), Seth A(2), Yang Q(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Qilu Hospital, Cheeloo College of Medicine, 
Shandong University, Jinan, China.
(2)Master of Healthcare Administration at Price School of Public Policy, 
University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA, USA.

Retraction in
    J Oncol. 2023 Jan 23;2023:9767535. doi: 10.1155/2023/9767535.

Glioma is a highly fatal malignancy with aggressive proliferation, migration, 
and invasion metastasis due to aberrant genetic regulation. This work aimed to 
determine the function of transmembrane protein 60 (TMEM60) during glioma 
development. The level of TMEM60 in glioma tissues and normal tissues and its 
correlation with glioma prognosis were checked in The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) 
database. The levels of TMEM60 in glioma cell lines and normal astrocytes were 
determined by quantitative real-time PCR and western blotting assay. TMEM60 
knockdown and overexpression were conducted, followed by detection of cell 
viability, migration, invasion, and apoptosis. CCK-8 and colony formation assay 
were adopted to detect cell viability proliferation. Transwell assay was 
performed to measure cell migration and invasion. Cell apoptosis was evaluated 
by flow cytometry. The alternation of key proteins in the PI3K/Akt signaling 
pathway was measured by western blotting. TMEM60 expression was significantly 
higher in glioma tissues than that in the healthy control and was correlated 
with poor overall survival of patients. The protein and mRNA levels of TMEM60 
were both elevated in glioma cell lines in comparison with the normal cell 
lines. Elevated level of TMEM60 led to enhanced proliferation, migration, and 
invasion and suppressed cell apoptosis. TMEM60 promoted the activation of 
PI3K/Akt signaling. Our data suggested that TMEM60 plays an oncogenic role in 
glioma progression via activating the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.

Copyright © 2022 Jingwen Wu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2022/9913700
PMCID: PMC8749377
PMID: 35027926

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


482. Intern Med. 2022 Sep 15;61(18):2771-2774. doi: 10.2169/internalmedicine.8618-21. 
Epub 2022 Jan 13.

Secondary Skin Cancer in a Case with Long-term Voriconazole after Allogeneic 
Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation for Acute Myeloid Leukemia.

Kawano N(1), Nakamura S(2), Mochida K(2), Yoshida S(1), Kuriyama T(1), Nakaike 
T(1), Shimokawa T(1), Tochigi T(1), Yamashita K(1), Mashiba K(1), Kikuchi I(1), 
Takarabe A(3), Moriguchi S(4), Mori Y(5), Takenaka K(6), Shimoda K(7), Ochiai 
H(8), Amano M(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Internal Medicine, Miyazaki Prefectural Miyazaki Hospital, 
Japan.
(2)Department of Dermatology, Faculty of Medicine, University of Miyazaki, 
Japan.
(3)Department of Dermatology, Miyazaki Prefectural Miyazaki Hospital, Japan.
(4)Department of Pathology, Miyazaki Prefectural Miyazaki Hospital, Japan.
(5)Department of Medicine and Biosystemic Science, Graduate School of Medical 
Sciences, Kyushu University, Japan.
(6)Department of Hematology, Clinical Immunology and Infectious Diseases, Ehime 
University Graduate School of Medicine, Japan.
(7)Division of Hematology, Diabetes, and Endocrinology, Department of Internal 
Medicine, Faculty of Medicine, University of Miyazaki, Japan.
(8)Trauma and Critical Care Center, Faculty of Medicine, University of Miyazaki, 
Japan.

Secondary malignancies that develop after allogeneic-hematopoietic stem cell 
transplantation (allo-HSCT) have become serious issues. A 47-year-old man who 
developed acute myeloid leukemia in 2009 and subsequently underwent allo-HSCT 
twice: in 2009 and 2011. In 2015, voriconazole for lung aspergillus was started. 
In 2018, chronic graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) and multiple actinic keratoses 
manifested at his head. In 2020, some lesions were diagnosed as squamous cell 
carcinoma, so voriconazole was withdrawn, and subsequent surgery and radiation 
led to remission. Long-term administration of voriconazole in addition to 
allo-HSCT and chronic GVHD may be closely related to secondary skin cancer.

DOI: 10.2169/internalmedicine.8618-21
PMCID: PMC9556231
PMID: 35022348 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors state that they have no Conflict of 
Interest (COI).


483. BMC Pharmacol Toxicol. 2022 Jan 10;23(1):7. doi: 10.1186/s40360-021-00548-0.

Open-access database of literature derived drug-related Torsade de Pointes 
cases.

Krumpholz L(1), Wiśniowska B(2), Polak S(3)(4).

Author information:
(1)Pharmacoepidemiology and Farmacoeconomics Unit, Faculty of Pharmacy, 
Jagiellonian University Medical College, Medyczna 9, str., 30-688, Krakow, 
Poland.
(2)Pharmacoepidemiology and Farmacoeconomics Unit, Faculty of Pharmacy, 
Jagiellonian University Medical College, Medyczna 9, str., 30-688, Krakow, 
Poland. b.wisniowska@uj.edu.pl.
(3)Pharmacoepidemiology and Farmacoeconomics Unit, Faculty of Pharmacy, 
Jagiellonian University Medical College, Medyczna 9, str., 30-688, Krakow, 
Poland. sebastian.polak@uj.edu.pl.
(4)Certara UK Ltd. (Simcyp Division), 1 Concourse Way, Sheffield, S1 2BJ, UK. 
sebastian.polak@uj.edu.pl.

Erratum in
    BMC Pharmacol Toxicol. 2022 Jan 31;23(1):11. doi: 
10.1186/s40360-022-00550-0.

Since an introduction of an ICH guidance in 2005, no new drugs were withdrawn 
from the market because of the causation of Torsade de Pointes (TdP). However, 
the risk of TdP is still a concern for marketed drugs. TdP is a type of 
polymorphic ventricular tachycardia which may lead to sudden cardiac death. 
QT/QTc interval prolongation is considered a sensitive, but not specific 
biomarker. To improve the effectiveness of studies' workflow related to TdP risk 
prediction we created an extensive, structured, open-access database of 
drug-related TdP cases. PubMed, Google Scholar bibliographic databases, and the 
Internet, via the Google search engine, were searched to identify eligible 
reports. A total of 424 papers with a description of 634 case reports and 
observational studies were included. Each paper was manually examined and listed 
with up to 53 variables related to patient/population characteristics, general 
health parameters, used drugs, laboratory measurements, ECG results, clinical 
management, and its outcomes, as well as suspected drug's properties and its FDA 
adverse reaction reports. The presented database may be considered as an 
extension of the recently developed and published database of drug cardiac 
safety-related information, part of the tox-portal project providing resources 
for cardiac toxicity assessment.

© 2022. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1186/s40360-021-00548-0
PMCID: PMC8750847
PMID: 35012678 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


484. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2021 Dec 31;2021:8522417. doi: 10.1155/2021/8522417. 
eCollection 2021.

Activation of Neural Modeling-Related Genes in the Heart of Mice after Gamma 
Irradiation.

Liu Z(1)(2), Liu J(3), Hu D(4), Du J(1), Liu D(5), Wang X(1), Zhang J(4), Hou 
Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cardiology, Shandong Qianfoshan Hospital, Cheeloo College of 
Medicine, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong 250012, China.
(2)Department of Cardiology, Dezhou People's Hospital, Dezhou, Shandong 253014, 
China.
(3)Department of Endocrinology, Dezhou People's Hospital, Dezhou, Shandong 
253014, China.
(4)Department of Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Shandong First 
Medical University & Shandong Provincial Qianfoshan Hospital, Jinan, Shandong 
250012, China.
(5)Cheeloo College of Medicine, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong 250012, 
China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Nov 1;2023:9837620. doi: 10.1155/2023/9837620.

OBJECTIVE: Radiation-induced heart disease (RIHD) is a common sequela of 
thoracic irradiation. At the same time, nerve remodeling is involved in the 
progression of heart disease. However, the activation of the nerve remodeling 
related genes in radiation-induced heart disease is still lacking.
METHODS: In this study, C57BL/J mice was anesthetized by intraperitoneal 
injection with pentobarbital sodium (2%, 40 mg/kg), and radiation was delivered 
using a cobalt-60 (60Co) teletherapy unit (Cirus). When the mice were 
anesthetized, none of them showed the signs of peritonitis, pain, or discomfort. 
The mice hearts were exposed to a γ-radiation field of 5 mm × 5 mm. The total 
dose of γ-radiation was 3 Gy/day for each animal for 5 consecutive days. The 
mice were executed by severed neck, and its limbs were weak. Quantitative 
Polymerase Chain Reaction (qPCR) and immunohistochemistry were used to explore 
the possible mechanism of arrhythmia in patients with RIHD.
RESULTS: Our results demonstrated that Growth-Associated Protein 43 (GAP43) was 
increased significantly after radioactive heart injury compared with the control 
group. Moreover, the protein expression of Tyrosine hydroxylase (TH) and Choline 
acetyl-transferase (CHAT) was significantly decreased compared with the control 
group and gradually increased with time rend. The nerve growth factor (NGF) was 
remarkably increased after radiation-induced heart injury compared with the 
control group. Immunohistochemistry results indicated that the nerve growth 
factors GAP43 and NGF were significantly increased after radiation-induced heart 
injury.
CONCLUSIONS: Chest radiotherapy could activate the neural modeling related genes 
in RIHD. This may provide a new treatment plan for the future treatment of heart 
problems caused by chest radiotherapy.

Copyright © 2021 Zhiyong Liu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/8522417
PMCID: PMC8741381
PMID: 35003326 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interest.


485. J Cancer Res Clin Oncol. 2022 Apr;148(4):823-835. doi: 
10.1007/s00432-021-03907-w. Epub 2022 Jan 6.

Ultra-hypofractionated whole breast adjuvant radiotherapy in the real-world 
setting: single experience with 271 elderly/frail patients treated with 3D and 
IMRT technique.

Zerella MA(#)(1), Dicuonzo S(#)(1), Frassoni S(2), Zaffaroni M(3), Gerardi 
MA(1), Morra A(1), Rojas DP(1), Arculeo S(1), Bergamaschi L(1)(4), Fodor C(1), 
Emiro F(5), Piccolo C(5), Bagnardi V(2), Cattani F(5), Galimberti V(6), Veronesi 
P(6)(4), Orecchia R(7), Leonardi MC(#)(1), Jereczek-Fossa BA(#)(1)(4).

Author information:
(1)Division of Radiation Oncology, European Institute of Oncology, IEO IRCCS, 
via Ripamonti, 435, 20141, Milan, Italy.
(2)Department of Statistics and Quantitative Methods, University of 
Milan-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.
(3)Division of Radiation Oncology, European Institute of Oncology, IEO IRCCS, 
via Ripamonti, 435, 20141, Milan, Italy. mattia.zaffaroni@ieo.it.
(4)Department of Oncology and Hemato-Oncology, University of Milan, Milan, 
Italy.
(5)Unit of Medical Physics, European Institute of Oncology, IEO IRCCS, Milan, 
Italy.
(6)Division of Breast Surgery, European Institute of Oncology, IEO IRCCS, Milan, 
Italy.
(7)Scientific Direction, European Institute of Oncology, IEO IRCCS, Milan, 
Italy.
(#)Contributed equally

PURPOSE: The purpose of the study was to evaluate the toxicity, local control, 
overall and disease-free survival of elderly breast cancer (BC) patients treated 
with adjuvant once-weekly ultra-hypofractionated radiotherapy (RT) either with 
intensity-modulated RT (IMRT) or 3D conformal RT (3DCRT).
METHODS: From July 2011 to July 2018, BC patients receiving 5.7 Gy once a week 
for 5 weeks to the whole breast after breast-conserving surgery were considered 
for the study. Inclusion criteria were: T1-T3 invasive BC, no or limited 
axillary involvement, age ≥ 65 years or women with commuting difficulties or 
disabling diseases.
RESULTS: A total of 271 patients were included in the study. Median age was 76 
(46-86) years. Most of BC were T1 (77%), while the remaining were T2 (22.2%) and 
T3 (0.4%). Axillary status was negative in 68.3% of the patients. The only 
severe acute toxicity (G3) at the end of RT was erythema (0.4%), registered in 
the 3DCRT group; no G3 edema or epitheliolysis was recorded. With 18 months of 
median follow-up, severe early-late toxicity (G3) was reported in terms of 
fibrosis and breast retraction, both with an incidence of 1.4%, mostly in the 
3DCRT group. Oncological outcomes at a median follow-up of 2.9 years reported 
249/271 (91.9%) patients alive and free from any event and 5 (1.8%) isolated 
locoregional recurrences. At 3 years, disease-free survival and overall survival 
were 94.9% and 97.8%, respectively. Breast volume > 500 cm3 was reported as 
predictive for moderate-severe (≥ G2) acute toxicity.
CONCLUSIONS: Weekly ultra-hypofractionated whole breast RT seems feasible and 
effective. Toxicity was mild, local control was acceptable, and overall survival 
was 97.8% at 3 years. Rates of severe toxicity were reduced with the IMRT 
technique.

© 2022. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, 
part of Springer Nature.

DOI: 10.1007/s00432-021-03907-w
PMCID: PMC8733799
PMID: 34989858 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Maria Cristina Leonardi, Barbara Alicja 
Jereczek-Fossa and Samantha Dicuonzo received a speaker honorarium from Accuray 
Inc. outside the current work. IEO received a research grant from Accuray Inc. 
entitled: “Data collection and analysis of Tomotherapy and CyberKnife breast 
clinical studies, breast physics studies and prostate study”. Maria Alessia 
Zerella had a research fellowships from AIRC under IG 2019—ID. 23118 project 
“Phase I/II clinical trial on single fraction ablative preoperative radiation 
treatment for early-stage breast cancer”. Mattia Zaffaroni received a research 
grant by the European Institute of Oncology-Cardiologic Center Monzino 
Foundation (FIEO-CCM), with a project entitled "Proton therapy vs photon-based 
IMRT for parotid gland tumors: a model based approach with Normal Tissue 
Complication Probability (NTCP)” outside the current study. The funders had no 
role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or 
preparation of the manuscript. The remaining authors declare no conflicts of 
interest.


486. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Mater Chem B. 2022 Jan 26;10(4):506-517. doi: 10.1039/d1tb02481g.

A novel TMTP1-modified theranostic nanoplatform for targeted in vivo NIR-II 
fluorescence imaging-guided chemotherapy for cervical cancer.

Alifu N(1), Ma R(2), Zhu L(1), Du Z(2), Chen S(2), Yan T(1), Alimu G(1), Zhang 
L(1), Zhang X(1).

Author information:
(1)State Key Laboratory of Pathogenesis, Prevention and Treatment of High 
Incidence Diseases in Central Asia School of Medical Engineering and Technology, 
Xinjiang Medical University, Urumqi, 830011, China. nens_xjmu@126.com.
(2)State Key Laboratory of Pathogenesis, Prevention, and Treatment of High 
Incidence Diseases in Central Asia, Department of Gynecology, The First 
Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical University, Urumqi 830054, China.

Retraction in
    J Mater Chem B. 2023 Oct 6;11(38):9311. doi: 10.1039/d3tb90178e.

Near-infrared II (NIR-II, 900-1700 nm) fluorescence bioimaging with advantages 
of good biosafety, excellent spatial resolution, high sensitivity, and contrast 
has attracted great attention in biomedical research fields. However, most of 
the nanoprobes used for NIR-II fluorescence imaging have poor tumor-targeting 
ability and therapeutic efficiency. To overcome these limitations, a novel 
NIR-II-emissive theranostic nanoplatform for fluorescence imaging and treatment 
of cervical cancer was designed and prepared. The NIR-II-emissive dye IR-783 and 
chemotherapy drug doxorubicin (DOX) were encapsulated into liposomes, and the 
tumor-targeting peptide TMTP1 (a polypeptide with a sequence of cyclic ASN Val 
Val Arg Gln Cys) was conjugated to the surface of the liposomes to form 
IR-783-DOX-TMTP1 nanoparticles (NPs) via self-assembly methods. The 
IR-783-DOX-TMTP1 NPs showed strong NIR-II emission, excellent biocompatibility 
and a long lifetime in vivo. Furthermore, high-definition NIR-II fluorescence 
microscopy images of ear blood vessels and intratumoral blood vessels were 
obtained from IR-783-DOX-TMTP1 NP-stained mice with high spatial resolution 
under 808 nm laser excitation. Moreover, IR-783-DOX-TMTP1 NPs showed strong 
tumor-targeting ability and highly efficient chemotherapeutic characteristics 
towards cervical tumors. The novel targeting and NIR-II-emissive 
IR-783-DOX-TMTP1 NPs have great potential in diagnosis and therapy for cervical 
cancer.

DOI: 10.1039/d1tb02481g
PMID: 34988561 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


487. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2021 Dec 22;2021:9971236. doi: 10.1155/2021/9971236. eCollection 
2021.

Prediction of the Collapse of Necrotic Femoral Head by CT and X-Ray Examinations 
before Hip Replacement Based on Intelligent Medical Big Data.

Shang Y(1), Xu J(1), Zhang T(2), Dong Z(1), Li J(1), Bi W(1), Xie Z(1).

Author information:
(1)The Second Department of Orthopedics, The People Hospital of Shijiazhuang, 
Shijiazhuang 050000, China.
(2)Department of Orthopedic Surgery, Third Hospital of Hebei Medical University, 
Shijiazhuang 050000, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Oct 11;2023:9759842. doi: 10.1155/2023/9759842.

It was to explore the effect of the CT and X-ray examinations before the hip 
replacement to predict the collapse of the necrotic femoral head under the 
classification of medical big data based on the decision tree algorithm of the 
difference grey wolf optimization (GWO) and provide a more effective examination 
basis for the treatment of patients with the osteonecrosis of the femoral head 
(ONFH). From January 2019 to January 2021, a total of 152,000 patients with ONFH 
and hip replacement in the tertiary hospitals were enrolled in this study. They 
were randomly divided into two groups, the study sample-X group (X-ray 
examination results) and based-CT group (CT examination results)-76,000 cases in 
each group. The actual measurement results of the femoral head form the gold 
standard to evaluate the effect of the two groups of detection methods. The 
measurement results of X-ray and CT before hip replacement are highly consistent 
with the detection results of the physical femoral head specimens, which can 
effectively predict the collapse of ONFH and carry out accurate staging. It is 
worthy of clinical promotion.

Copyright © 2021 Yongwei Shang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/9971236
PMCID: PMC8716235
PMID: 34976333 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


488. World Neurosurg. 2022 Mar;159:107. doi: 10.1016/j.wneu.2021.12.088. Epub 2021 
Dec 29.

Spinous Process Splitting Laminectomy for Lumbar Spinal Stenosis: 2D Operative 
Video.

Gagliardi M(1), Guiroy A(2), Sícoli A(3), Masanés NG(3), Ciancio AM(3), Asghar 
J(4).

Author information:
(1)Spine Unit, Department of Orthopedics, Hospital Español, Mendoza, Argentina. 
Electronic address: martingagliardi.32@gmail.com.
(2)Spine Unit, Department of Orthopedics, Hospital Español, Mendoza, Argentina; 
The Paley Orthopedic and Spine Institute at Saint Mary's Medical Center, West 
Palm Beach, Florida, USA.
(3)Spine Unit, Department of Orthopedics, Hospital Español, Mendoza, Argentina.
(4)The Paley Orthopedic and Spine Institute at Saint Mary's Medical Center, West 
Palm Beach, Florida, USA.

Degenerative lumbar spinal stenosis involves an acquired reduction in the spinal 
canal diameter due to osteoarthritic changes on the disk, facet joints, and 
ligaments and may result in spinal cord or cauda equina compression.1 This 
process may lead to pain radiating to the legs, neurogenic claudication, and 
neurologic deficit. First-line treatment includes conservative care such as 
physical therapy, spinal injections, and lifestyle changes. If this strategy is 
insufficient to achieve symptom relief, surgical management is recommended.1,2 
Surgery generally encompasses a decompression procedure through a posterior 
approach. There are several techniques to accomplish this in the context of 
severe bilateral stenosis including standard open laminectomy, unilateral 
laminectomy with bilateral decompression, and a tubular approach with bilateral 
decompression (e.g., "over-the-top technique").2 Among these, the spinous 
process splitting laminectomy has emerged as a strategy that allows 
decompressing the spinal canal through a familiar anatomy to the surgeon while 
respecting paravertebral muscles.3,4 This technique involves exposure of the 
laminae by cutting through the spinous process and then separating both halves 
and muscles attached at the sides. The main advantage is that the insertion of 
these paravertebral soft tissues is preserved, the required retraction is 
reduced and postoperative pain is decreased.4 Moreover, the learning curve to 
achieve a successful decompression employing the splitting laminectomy is 
substantially shorter than with other minimally invasive approaches, such as 
tubular. This video aims to show the steps to perform this technique (Video 1). 
We report the case of a 74-year-old male who presented with left sciatica and 
neurogenic claudication. The images showed multilevel degenerative lumbar spinal 
stenosis, with severe bilateral compression at L4-5, without signs of 
instability. Surgical alternatives were discussed with the patient, and it was 
decided to perform an L4-5 spinous process splitting laminectomy. The patient 
had a good evolution with an unremarkable postoperative course.

Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.wneu.2021.12.088
PMID: 34971829 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


489. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2021 Dec 21;2021:3130747. doi: 10.1155/2021/3130747. 
eCollection 2021.

Research on Night Light Comfort of Pedestrian Space in Urban Park.

Zhang J(1), Dai W(1).

Author information:
(1)School of Landscape Architecture, Northeast Forestry University, Harbin, 
150040 Heilongjiang, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9861724. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9861724.

The outdoor light environment significantly affects aspects of public 
psychological and physiological health. This study conducted experiments to 
quantify the effects of the light environment on visitor light comfort in urban 
park pedestrian space. Nine sets of lighting conditions with different average 
horizontal illuminance (2 lx, 6 lx, 10 lx) and colour temperatures (5600 K, 
4300 K, 3000 K) were established virtual reality scenarios. Subjective light 
comfort was evaluated, and electroencephalogram (EEG) was measured on 18 
subjects to comprehensively study the effects of different light environments on 
human light comfort. The results of the comprehensive evaluation showed that 
colour temperature had a very significant impact on subjective light comfort, 
with warm light being generally more favourable than cool light in enhancing 
human subjective light comfort. The results of the EEG analysis show that the 
average horizontal illuminance is an important factor in the level of 
physiological fatigue, and that physiological fatigue can be maintained in a 
superior state at an appropriate level of illuminance. Based on the results of 
both subjective and objective factors, a comprehensive analysis was carried out 
to propose a range of average horizontal illuminance (4.08 lx, 6.99 lx) and a 
range of colour temperature (3126 K, 4498 K) for the comprehensive light comfort 
zone in urban park pedestrian space.

Copyright © 2021 Jun Zhang and Wenhan Dai.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/3130747
PMCID: PMC8714376
PMID: 34970329 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declared no potential conflicts of 
interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this 
article.


490. Orbit. 2022 Dec;41(6):733-738. doi: 10.1080/01676830.2021.2006721. Epub 2021 Dec 
23.

Hughes flap in the management of lower lid retraction.

Juniat V(1)(2), Ryan T(1), O'Rourke M(3), Ng S(4), O'Donnell B(5), McNab 
AA(3)(6)(7), Selva D(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Discipline of Ophthalmology and Visual Science, University of Adelaide, 
Adelaide, Australia.
(2)Department of Ophthalmology, Royal Adelaide Hospital and South Australian 
Institute of Ophthalmology, Adelaide, Australia.
(3)Orbital Plastics and Lacrimal Unit, Royal Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital, 
East Melbourne, Australia.
(4)Eye Department, Waikato Hospital, Hamilton, New Zealand.
(5)Department of Ophthalmology, Royal North Shore Hospital, Sydney, Australia.
(6)Ophthalmology, Sydney Eye Hospital, Sydney, Australia.
(7)Centre for Eye Research Australia Ltd, University of Melbourne, East 
Melbourne, Australia.

PURPOSE: We present a retrospective case series on the use of Hughes flap in 
managing acquired cicatricial lower lid retraction.
METHODS: This was a multicentre, retrospective case series. Data was collected 
from medical records across different sites within Australia (Adelaide, 
Melbourne, and Sydney) and New Zealand (Hamilton).
RESULTS: Fourteen patients were identified. The aetiology of cicatricial lower 
lid retraction included previous lid lesion excision and reconstruction, eyelid 
trauma, orbital fracture repair, orbital radiotherapy, and lateral canthal 
dystopia from previous lid surgeries. 4/14 (29%) cases had undergone other 
surgery to correct the retraction prior to the Hughes flap. Pre-operative 
lagophthalmos due to lower lid retraction was noted in 11/14 (79%) cases with a 
median 2 mm (range: 1-5 mm). Exposure keratopathy was present in 7/14 (50%) 
cases. There were no peri-operative complications during Hughes flap 
reconstruction. One patient had post-operative upper eyelid retraction that did 
not require any further intervention. One patient had persistent lagophthalmos 
and exposure keratopathy that is being managed conservatively. One patient had 
wound dehiscence and further lid retraction following flap division, which 
required further surgery. Median length of follow-up was 15 months (range: 
0.5-84 months). At final review, improvement or resolution of symptoms was seen 
in 13/14 (93%) cases.
CONCLUSIONS: A Hughes flap is an effective surgical technique for the management 
of cicatricial lower lid retraction.

DOI: 10.1080/01676830.2021.2006721
PMID: 34949152 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


491. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cureus. 2021 Nov 19;13(11):e19752. doi: 10.7759/cureus.19752. eCollection 2021 
Nov.

Ruptured Isolated Common Iliac Artery Aneurysm Masquerading as Renal Colic.

Alfahhad MF(1), Qasem HA(2), Alrajhi NN(3), Khayat LT(1), Alsulami MK(1), Al 
Marri SA(4), Alshuqaybi HM(5), Aldhafyan SR(5), Al Jabir FM(5), Albaqami NA(5), 
Alyami AM(6), Alamrani AM(7), Abusabir DN(7), Alkhaldi AN(8), Al-Hawaj F(9).

Author information:
(1)College of Medicine, King Abdulaziz University, Jeddah, SAU.
(2)College of Medicine, Jazan University, Jazan, SAU.
(3)College of Medicine, King Saud Bin Abdulaziz University For Health Sciences, 
Jeddah, SAU.
(4)College of Medicine, King Faisal University, Al-Ahsa, SAU.
(5)College of Medicine, King Saud Bin Abdulaziz University For Health Sciences, 
Riyadh, SAU.
(6)College of Medicine, Vision Colleges, Riyadh, SAU.
(7)College of Medicine, University of Tabuk, Tabuk, SAU.
(8)College of Medicine, King Saud University, Riyadh, SAU.
(9)College of Medicine, Imam Abdulrahman Bin Faisal University, Dammam, SAU.

Retraction in
    Cureus. 2024 Jan 25;16(1):r99. doi: 10.7759/cureus.r99.

Expression of concern in
    Cureus. 2022 Apr 7;14(4):x21. doi: 10.7759/cureus.x21.

Urinary stone disease is a common problem globally. Ureteric colic typically 
presents with flank pain and hematuria. However, several conditions may give a 
similar clinical picture. Hence, imaging studies are essential to make the 
diagnosis of urinary stone disease and evaluate for possible complications. We 
present the case of a 64-year-old man who presented with severe left flank pain 
radiating to the groin for two days. In his first visit to the emergency 
department, he was prescribed conservative treatment, but it failed to give any 
clinical improvement. The patient does not have a previous history of urinary 
stone disease. He had a long-standing history of hypertension, diabetes 
mellitus, dyslipidemia, and coronary artery disease. Further, he had a 30 
pack-years history of smoking. Upon examination, the abdomen was soft and lax 
with generalized tenderness. Subsequently, a non-contrast computed tomography 
scan for the kidneys, ureters, and bladder was performed, which demonstrated a 
large high attenuation fluid seen in the left side of the retroperitoneum. The 
scan was then repeated after the administration of intravenous contrast and 
showed an aneurysmal dilatation of the left common iliac artery with surrounding 
hematoma. The patient was taken for an emergency laparotomy for evacuation of 
the hematoma and graft repair of the aneurysm. The patient tolerated the 
operation without complications. The present case highlights the importance of 
considering the wide differential diagnoses of flank pain in emergency settings. 
Physicians should keep a high index of suspicion for aneurysmal disease when 
they encounter patients with risk factors for arterial wall degeneration.

Copyright © 2021, Alfahhad et al.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.19752
PMCID: PMC8684804
PMID: 34938629

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


492. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2021 Dec 9;2021:9116765. doi: 10.1155/2021/9116765. eCollection 
2021.

Interventional Treatment of Bronchiectasis Macrosomia Based on Multirow CT 
Tomography Monitoring.

Lu D(1), Chai W(1), Gao X(2), Yan X(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Respiratory Medicine, The First Affiliated Hospital of Jinzhou 
Medical University, Jinzhou, Liaoning 121000, China.
(2)Department of Ophthalmology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Jinzhou Medical 
University, Jinzhou, Liaoning 121000, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9817063. doi: 10.1155/2023/9817063.

We present in this paper an in-depth study and analysis of bronchiectasis 
haemoptysis by multirow CT tomography and a multifaceted treatment and analysis 
of the interventions monitored by the scan. Although coronary CT is of great 
clinical value in the diagnosis and monitoring of coronary artery disease, the 
potential radiation damage caused by coronary CT should not be underestimated 
because CT imaging is based on X-rays and the actual effective dose is 5-30 mSv, 
which is reported in the literature to be high when using conventional imaging 
modalities for coronary CT. Although there is no direct evidence of a definite 
causal relationship between X-ray exposure during CT examinations and 
tumorigenesis, theoretically, even small doses of radiation exposure may pose 
some potential health risk. Therefore, in clinical practice, coronary CT 
examinations should be performed in strict compliance with the radiation 
protection rule "as low as reasonably achievable" (ALARA) recognized by the 
radiation industry. For longitudinal openings in the range of 0° to 59° and 
transverse openings in the range of 0° to 44°, the CB2 catheter is significantly 
more stable than the MIK catheter, and for longitudinal openings in the range of 
60° to 119° and transverse openings in the range of 0° to 44°, the CB2 catheter 
is more stable than the MIK catheter. For longitudinal openings from 0° to 120° 
and lateral openings from 45° to 90°, there was no significant difference in 
cannulation stability between the CB2 and MIK catheters. There was a potential 
tendency for MIK cannulation stability to be higher than CB2 for longitudinal 
openings in the range of 120° to 180° and lateral openings in the range of 45° 
to 90°, but there was no significant difference.

Copyright © 2021 DongDong Lu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/9116765
PMCID: PMC8677367
PMID: 34925743 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest.


493. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cureus. 2021 Nov 13;13(11):e19551. doi: 10.7759/cureus.19551. eCollection 2021 
Nov.

Isolated Superior Mesenteric Artery Dissection After Methamphetamine Use: A Rare 
Adverse Effect.

Alzahrani RA(1), Alzahrani OM(1), Alherz SH(1), Alzahrani AA(1), Alzahrani 
OM(1), Alqarni MA(1), Alzahrani KAA(1), Alzahrani KAH(1), Al Zahrani SA(1), 
Alzahrani AA(1), Alghamdi HA(1), Alshammari M(2).

Author information:
(1)College of Medicine, Al-Baha University, Al-Baha, SAU.
(2)College of Medicine, Imam Abdulrahman Bin Faisal University, Dammam, SAU.

Retraction in
    Cureus. 2024 Jan 25;16(1):r96. doi: 10.7759/cureus.r96.

Expression of concern in
    Cureus. 2022 Apr 7;14(4):x18. doi: 10.7759/cureus.x18.

Methamphetamine is the second most commonly abused drug worldwide. It is a 
sympathomimetic agent that works by inhibiting the reuptake of monoamine 
neurotransmitters, including dopamine, norepinephrine, and serotonin. 
Methamphetamine use is associated with early mortality, and cardiovascular 
complications are the leading cause of increased mortality. We discuss the case 
of a 41-year-old man who presented to the emergency department with a sudden 
abdominal pain of eight hours' duration. The pain was located in the epigastric 
area with radiation to the back. Upon examination, the patient appeared agitated 
and diaphoretic. His pupils were dilated bilaterally. His vital signs included 
tachycardia (120 bpm), tachypnea (24 bpm), hypertension (150/90 mmHg), and 
normal temperature (36.9 ℃). Abdominal examination revealed a soft and lax 
abdomen with no tenderness. His bowel sounds were normal. Given the physical 
signs, a toxicology screen was conducted and was positive for methamphetamine 
use. The patient reported that he used recreational drugs occasionally and 
admitted that the abdominal pain developed a few hours following methamphetamine 
use. The patient was treated with fluid resuscitation, analgesic, 
antihypertension medications, and anticoagulant therapy. The patient had 
significant improvement in his condition within 48 hours with complete 
resolution of the abdominal pain. Isolated superior mesenteric artery dissection 
is a very rare clinical condition. This case report highlights the importance of 
recognizing the cardiovascular adverse effects that may develop after 
methamphetamine use.

Copyright © 2021, Alzahrani et al.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.19551
PMCID: PMC8669146
PMID: 34917433

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


494. Pharmgenomics Pers Med. 2021 Dec 7;14:1601-1602. doi: 10.2147/PGPM.S352184. 
eCollection 2021.

FTO Gene Polymorphisms Contribute to the Predisposition and Radiotherapy 
Efficiency of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma [Retraction].

[No authors listed]

Retraction of
    Pharmgenomics Pers Med. 2021 Sep 28;14:1239-1245. doi: 10.2147/PGPM.S325895.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.2147/PGPM.S325895.].

© 2021 Dove Medical Press.

DOI: 10.2147/PGPM.S352184
PMCID: PMC8667606
PMID: 34916828


495. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Rep. 2021 Dec 15;11(1):24032. doi: 10.1038/s41598-021-03392-8.

A brief comparative examination of tangent hyperbolic hybrid nanofluid through a 
extending surface: numerical Keller-Box scheme.

Jamshed W(1), Prakash M(2), Devi SSU(3), Ibrahim RW(4), Shahzad F(5), Nisar 
KS(5), Eid MR(6)(7), Abdel-Aty AH(8)(9), Khashan MM(10), Yahia IS(11)(12)(13).

Author information:
(1)Department of Mathematics, Capital University of Science and Technology 
(CUST), Islamabad, 44000, Pakistan. wasiktk@hotmail.com.
(2)Department of Mathematics, Dr. N.G.P. Institute of Technology, Coimbatore, 
641048, India.
(3)Department of Mathematics, KPR Institute of Engineering and Technology, 
Coimbatore, 641407, India.
(4)IEEE: 94086547, 59200, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
(5)Department of Mathematics, College of Arts and Sciences, Prince Sattam Bin 
Abdulaziz University, Wadi Aldawaser, 11991, Saudi Arabia.
(6)Department of Mathematics, Faculty of Science, New Valley University, 
Al-Kharga, 72511, Al-Wadi Al-Gadid, Egypt.
(7)Department of Mathematics, Faculty of Science, Northern Border University, 
Arar, 1321, Saudi Arabia.
(8)Department of Physics, College of Sciences, University of Bisha, P.O. Box 
344, Bisha, 61922, Saudi Arabia.
(9)Physics Department, Faculty of Science, Al-Azhar University, Assiut, 71524, 
Egypt.
(10)Department of Basic Sciences, Common First Year, King Saud University, 
Riyadh, 11451, Saudi Arabia.
(11)Laboratory of Nano-Smart Materials for Science and Technology (LNSMST), 
Department of Physics, Faculty of Science, King Khalid University, P.O. Box 
9004, Abha, Saudi Arabia.
(12)Research Center for Advanced Materials Science (RCAMS), King Khalid 
University, P.O. Box 9004, Abha, 61413, Saudi Arabia.
(13)Nanoscience Laboratory for Environmental and Biomedical Applications 
(NLEBA), Metallurgical Lab. 1., Semiconductor Lab., Department of Physics, 
Faculty of Education, Ain Shams University, Roxy, 11757, Cairo, Egypt.

Retraction in
    Sci Rep. 2023 Apr 13;13(1):6099. doi: 10.1038/s41598-023-33083-5.

A novel hybrid nanofluid was explored in order to find an efficient 
heat-transmitting fluid to replace standard fluids and revolutionary nanofluids. 
By using tangent hyperbolic hybrid combination nanoliquid with non-Newtonian 
ethylene glycol (EG) as a basis fluid and a copper (Cu) and titanium dioxide 
(TiO2) mixture, this work aims to investigate the viscoelastic elements of the 
thermal transferring process. Flow and thermal facts, such as a slippery 
extended surface with magnetohydrodynamic (MHD), suction/injection, form factor, 
Joule heating, and thermal radiation effects, including changing thermal 
conductivity, were also integrated. The Keller-Box method was used to perform 
collective numerical computations of parametric analysis using governing 
equivalences. In the form of graphs and tables, the results of TiO2-Cu/EG hybrid 
nanofluid were compared to those of standard Cu/EG nanofluid in important 
critical physical circumstances. The entropy generation study was used to 
examine energy balance and usefulness for important physically impacting 
parameters. Detailed scrutiny on entropy development get assisted with 
Weissenberg number, magnetic parameter, fractional volumes, injection parameter, 
thermal radiation, variable thermal conductivity, Biot number, shape variation 
parameter, Reynolds and Brinkman number. Whereas the entropy gets resisted for 
slip and suction parameter. In this case, spotted entropy buildup with important 
parametric ranges could aid future optimization.

© 2021. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-021-03392-8
PMCID: PMC8674340
PMID: 34912014

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


496. J Mol Med (Berl). 2022 Jan;100(1):149. doi: 10.1007/s00109-021-02173-0.

Retraction Note: Radiation-induced glucocorticoid receptor promotes 
CD44 + prostate cancer stem cell growth through activation of SGK1-Wnt/β-catenin 
signaling.

Chen F(1)(2), Chen X(1)(2), Ren Y(2), Weng G(2), Keng PC(1), Chen Y(3)(4), Lee 
SO(5)(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School, of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY, 14642, USA.
(2)Department of Urology, Ningbo Urology and Nephrology Hospital, Ningbo, 
315100, Zhejiang, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School, of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY, 14642, USA. Yuhchyau_Chen@urmc.rochester.edu.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, James P. Wilmot Cancer Center, University 
of Rochester, 601 Elmwood Ave, Box 647, Rochester, NY, 14642, USA. 
Yuhchyau_Chen@urmc.rochester.edu.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School, of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY, 14642, USA. Soook_Lee@urmc.rochester.edu.
(6)Department of Radiation Oncology, James P. Wilmot Cancer Center, University 
of Rochester, 601 Elmwood Ave, Box 647, Rochester, NY, 14642, USA. 
Soook_Lee@urmc.rochester.edu.

Retraction of
    J Mol Med (Berl). 2019 Aug;97(8):1169-1182. doi: 10.1007/s00109-019-01807-8.

DOI: 10.1007/s00109-021-02173-0
PMID: 34888709


497. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2021 Nov 28;2021:1001446. doi: 10.1155/2021/1001446. 
eCollection 2021.

ALKBH5 Is Lowly Expressed in Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma and Inhibits the 
Malignant Proliferation and Invasion of Tumor Cells.

Li J(1), Liu H(2), Dong S(3), Zhang Y(4), Li X(5), Wang J(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Hebei North 
University, Zhangjiakou, 075000 Hebei, China.
(2)Department of Ultrasonography, The First Affiliated Hospital of Hebei North 
University, Zhangjiakou, 075000 Hebei, China.
(3)Department of Medical Imaging, The First Affiliated Hospital of Hebei North 
University, Zhangjiakou, 075000 Hebei, China.
(4)Department of Oncology, Zibo Bashan Wanjie Hospital, Zibo, 255213 Shandong, 
China.
(5)Life Science Research Center, Hebei North University, Zhangjiakou, 075000 
Hebei, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9878195. doi: 10.1155/2023/9878195.

BACKGROUND: Modification of N6-methyladenosine (m6A) and RNA m6A regulatory 
factors is required in cancer advancement. The contribution of m6A and its 
alteration in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) is still unclear.
RESULTS: ALKBH5 was lowly expressed in ESCC tissues, which the total m6A level 
was increased in ESCC tissue than the presentation in normal healthy tissue. The 
pcDNA3.1-ALKBH5 recombinant plasmid was transfected into KYSE-150 and Eca-109 
cells. The overexpression of ALKBH5 is responsible for a significant reduction 
of the total m6A levels in Eca-109 and KYSE150 cells, inhibiting the 
proliferation capability, migration, and cell invasion.
CONCLUSIONS: ALKBH5 as a demethylase was lowly expressed in cancer progression 
of ESCC and acts as a crucial component in ESCC progression.

Copyright © 2021 Jinqiu Li et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/1001446
PMCID: PMC8645391
PMID: 34876920 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: No competing interests were declared.


498. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2021 Nov 27;2021:2231680. doi: 10.1155/2021/2231680. 
eCollection 2021.

Quercetin Prevents Radiation-Induced Oral Mucositis by Upregulating BMI-1.

Zhang J(1), Hong Y(1), Liuyang Z(2), Li H(1), Jiang Z(2), Tao J(1), Liu H(3), 
Xie A(2)(4), Feng Y(2), Dong X(5), Wang Y(6), Dong Q(1)(7), Wang G(2).

Author information:
(1)Biomedical Research Center, Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital, School of Medicine, 
Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, 310016 Zhejiang, China.
(2)Department of General Surgery, Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital, School of Medicine, 
Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, 310016 Zhejiang, China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital, School of Medicine, 
Zhejiang University, Zhejiang, 310016 Hangzhou, China.
(4)Institute for Translational Medicine, School of Medicine, Zhejiang 
University, Zhejiang, 310016 Hangzhou, China.
(5)College of Life Science and Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, 
Wuhan, 430070 Hubei, China.
(6)Department of Pathology, Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital, School of Medicine, 
Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, 310016 Zhejiang, China.
(7)Key Laboratory of Cancer Prevention and Intervention, China National Ministry 
of Education, Hangzhou, 310009 Zhejiang, China.

Retraction in
    Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2024 Jan 9;2024:9790182. doi: 10.1155/2024/9790182.

Radiation-induced oral mucositis is a major adverse event of radiotherapy. 
Severe oral mucositis may cause unwanted interruption in radiotherapy and reduce 
long-term survival in cancer patients receiving radiotherapy, but until now, 
there have been no effective options for preventing radiation-induced oral 
mucositis. Quercetin is a flavonoid that is widely found in food species and has 
anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, and anticancer activities. In this study, we 
investigated a new role of quercetin in preventing radiation-induced oral 
mucositis. Quercetin exerted preventive effects against radiation-induced oral 
mucositis induced by single-dose (25 Gy) ionizing radiation or fractionated 
ionizing radiation (8 Gy × 3) in C57BL/6 mice and maintained the proliferation 
ability of basal epithelial cells. Quercetin pretreatment alleviated reactive 
oxygen species generation, NF-κB pathway activation, and downstream 
proinflammatory cytokine production and reduced DNA double-strand breaks and 
cellular senescence induced by ionizing radiation. Quercetin also upregulated 
BMI-1 expression in oral epithelial cells and promoted ulcer repair. In 
addition, quercetin exerted similar radioprotective effects in irradiated 
primary cultured normal human keratinocytes, reduced reactive oxygen species 
generation and proinflammatory cytokine release, and promoted DNA double-strand 
break repair and wound healing by upregulating the expression of BMI-1, which is 
a polycomb group protein. Thus, quercetin can block multiple pathological 
processes of radiation-induced oral mucositis by targeting BMI-1 and may be a 
potential treatment option for preventing radiation-induced oral mucositis.

Copyright © 2021 Jing Zhang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/2231680
PMCID: PMC8643266
PMID: 34873428 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing financial 
interests.


499. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2021 Nov 25;2021:9350677. doi: 10.1155/2021/9350677. eCollection 
2021.

Analysis of Curative Effect and Prognostic Factors of Radiotherapy for 
Esophageal Cancer Based on the CNN.

Zhao Y(1), Xu J(1), Chen Q(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Affiliated Hospital of Putian University, Putian 
351100, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9754809. doi: 10.1155/2023/9754809.

An esophageal cancer intelligent diagnosis system is developed to improve the 
recognition rate of esophageal cancer image diagnosis and the efficiency of 
physicians, as well as to improve the level of esophageal cancer image diagnosis 
in primary care institutions. In this paper, by collecting medical images 
related to esophageal cancer over the years, we establish an intelligent 
diagnosis system based on the convolutional neural network for esophageal cancer 
images through the steps of data annotation, image preprocessing, data 
enhancement, and deep learning to assist doctors in intelligent diagnosis. The 
convolutional neural network-based esophageal cancer image intelligent diagnosis 
system has been successfully applied in hospitals and widely praised by 
frontline doctors. This system is beneficial for primary care physicians to 
improve the overall accuracy of esophageal cancer diagnosis and reduce the risk 
of death of esophageal cancer patients. We also analyze that the efficacy of 
radiation therapy for esophageal cancer can be influenced by many factors, and 
clinical attention should be paid to grasp the relevant factors in order to 
improve the final treatment effect and prognosis of patients.

Copyright © 2021 Yunhui Zhao et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/9350677
PMCID: PMC8639232
PMID: 34868534 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


500. Front Oncol. 2021 Nov 9;11:759840. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2021.759840. eCollection 
2021.

Development and Validation of a Radiomics Nomogram for Differentiating Pulmonary 
Cryptococcosis and Lung Adenocarcinoma in Solitary Pulmonary Solid Nodule.

Zhao J(1), Sun L(2), Sun K(1), Wang T(1), Wang B(3), Yang Y(1), Wu C(4), Sun 
X(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Shanghai Pulmonary Hospital, School of Medicine, 
Tongji University, Shanghai, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Medicine, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengzhou, China.
(3)Department of Radiology, Shanghai General Hospital, Shanghai Jiao Tong 
University School of Medicine, Shanghai, China.
(4)Department of Pathology, Shanghai Pulmonary Hospital, School of Medicine, 
Tongji University, Shanghai, China.

OBJECTIVE: To establish a CT-based radiomics nomogram model for classifying 
pulmonary cryptococcosis (PC) and lung adenocarcinoma (LAC) in patients with a 
solitary pulmonary solid nodule (SPSN) and assess its differentiation ability.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 213 patients with PC and 213 cases of LAC 
(matched based on age and gender) were recruited into this retrospective 
research with their clinical characteristics and radiological features. 
High-dimensional radiomics features were acquired from each mask delineated by 
radiologists manually. We adopted the max-relevance and min-redundancy (mRMR) 
approach to filter the redundant features and retained the relevant features at 
first. Then, we used the least absolute shrinkage and operator (LASSO) 
algorithms as an analysis tool to calculate the coefficients of features and 
remove the low-weight features. After multivariable logistic regression 
analysis, a radiomics nomogram model was constructed with clinical 
characteristics, radiological signs, and radiomics score. We calculated the 
performance assessment parameters, such as sensitivity, specificity, accuracy, 
negative predictive value (NPV), and positive predictive value (PPV), in various 
models. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis and the 
decision curve analysis (DCA) were drawn to visualize the diagnostic ability and 
the clinical benefit.
RESULTS: We extracted 1,130 radiomics features from each CT image. The 24 most 
significant radiomics features in distinguishing PC and LAC were retained, and 
the radiomics signature was constructed through a three-step feature selection 
process. Three factors-maximum diameter, lobulation, and pleural retraction-were 
still statistically significant in multivariate analysis and incorporated into a 
combined model with radiomics signature to develop the predictive nomogram, 
which showed excellent classification ability. The area under curve (AUC) 
yielded 0.91 (sensitivity, 80%; specificity, 83%; accuracy, 82%; NPV, 80%; PPV, 
83%) and 0.89 (sensitivity, 81%; specificity, 83%; accuracy, 82%; NPV, 81%; PPV, 
82%) in training and test cohorts, respectively. The net reclassification 
indexes (NRIs) were greater than zero (p < 0.05). The Delong test showed a 
significant difference (p < 0.0001) between the AUCs from the clinical model and 
the nomogram.
CONCLUSIONS: The radiomics technology can preoperatively differentiate PC and 
lung adenocarcinoma. The nomogram-integrated CT findings and radiomics feature 
can provide more clinical benefits in solitary pulmonary solid nodule diagnosis.

Copyright © 2021 Zhao, Sun, Sun, Wang, Wang, Yang, Wu and Sun.

DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2021.759840
PMCID: PMC8630666
PMID: 34858836

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


501. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2021 Nov 23;2021:6350038. doi: 10.1155/2021/6350038. 
eCollection 2021.

Research on Radiosensitivity of the Protein Kinase B Signaling Pathway in 
Cervical Cancer.

Zhu Y(1), Xu L(1), Ma W(2), Chen Z(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, The First Affiliated Hospital of 
Zhejiang University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310006, 
China.
(2)Department of Gynecology, Affiliated Hospital of Nanjing University of 
Chinese Medicine, Nanjing, Jiangsu 210004, China.
(3)The First Affiliated Hospital, Shantou University Medical College, Shantou, 
Guangdong 515041, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Jan 5;2023:9841528. doi: 10.1155/2023/9841528.

The main characteristics of cervical cancer are abnormal and uncontrolled cell 
proliferation, and it regulates cell growth, differentiation, and cell death 
through genetic and epigenetic changes. This paper mainly discusses the 
radiosensitivity of the cervical cancer protein kinase B signaling pathway and 
discusses the specific mechanisms that affect the occurrence and development of 
cervical cancer. In addition, this paper studies the effect of transient 
transfection knocking down the expression of TRIP4 in cervical cancer cells on 
the expression of key proteins in related signaling pathways and explores the 
mechanism of its specific effects and finds the mechanism of TRIP4's effect on 
cervical cancer radiosensitivity. The findings of this study show for the first 
time that knocking down TRIP4 inhibits cell viability by inhibiting the P13K/AKT 
and MAPK/ERK pathways, and this corresponds to the first part of the 
experimental results, which show that knocking down TRIP4 inhibits colony 
formation and increases apoptosis in HeLa and SiHa cells. Moreover, simultaneous 
inhibition of TRIP4 and hTERT proteins can increase the radiosensitivity of 
cervical cancer cells. These findings indicate that the inhibition of TRIP4 may 
be a new type of treatment that selectively targets the P13K/AKT and MAPK/ERK 
pathways and hTERT pathways in cervical cancer cells and provides a therapeutic 
option for the treatment of cervical cancer.

Copyright © 2021 Yingping Zhu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/6350038
PMCID: PMC8632425
PMID: 34858519 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


502. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2021 Nov 19;2021:7773163. doi: 10.1155/2021/7773163. eCollection 
2021.

Percutaneous Microwave Coagulation Therapy: A Promising Therapeutic Method for 
Breaking the Barrier of the Intertumor Heterogeneity.

Guo H(1)(2), Chen B(1), Li W(1), Wang H(1)(2), Zhao S(1), Chen P(1)(2), Jiang 
M(1)(2), Zhao L(1)(2), Xu K(1)(2), Sun H(1), He Y(1), Zhou C(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Oncology, Shanghai Pulmonary Hospital, Tongji 
University Medical School Cancer Institute, Tongji University School of 
Medicine, No. 507 Zhengmin Road, Shanghai 200433, China.
(2)Tongji University, No. 1239 Siping Road, Shanghai 200433, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Nov 1;2023:9841702. doi: 10.1155/2023/9841702.

Intertumor heterogeneity is common in various cancers and has been widely 
accepted as the primary cause of the diversity and variation of the effect of 
the same treatment on patients with the same type of tumor. Percutaneous 
microwave coagulation therapy (PMCT) is a minimally invasive and effective 
approach for destroying tumors by microwave beam under image guidance, which has 
been applied in lung cancer. However, no previous study has investigated the 
capability of PMCT solving intertumor heterogeneity. Here, we performed a 
component analysis of four lung cancer patients' tumor microenvironment (TME) 
via single-cell RNA sequencing (scRNA-seq) and treated all four cases with PMCT. 
One patient's TME could be classified into a hot tumor, mainly proinflammatory 
cytokines, and T cell infiltration. The other three patients' TMEs were cold 
tumors, where immunosuppressive cells occupied a large proportion, including 
tumor-associated macrophages and cancer cells. Despite a high level of 
heterogeneity among their tumor microenvironment compositions, disease type and 
stage, and basic physical conditions, all four patients presented a stable 
disease (SD) without any cancer cell detected in the TME of cancer tissues after 
PMCT. In conclusion, this report uniquely contributed to the knowledge of the 
PMCT adaptation to tumor heterogeneity. Therefore, PMCT is promising to 
demonstrate a stable and robust antitumor efficacy in unresectable lung cancers 
with various TMEs.

Copyright © 2021 Haoyue Guo et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/7773163
PMCID: PMC8626173
PMID: 34840703 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


503. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2021 Nov 19;2021:1159145. doi: 10.1155/2021/1159145. eCollection 
2021.

Factors Associated with Cranial Nerve Injury after Radiotherapy for Large Brain 
Metastases.

Zhou F(1), Zhang Y(2), Chen Y(1), Qian X(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, The Affiliated Zhangjiagang Hospital of Soochow 
University, Soochow 215600, Jiangsu, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, The Affiliated Hospital of Jiangnan 
University, Wuxi 214062, Jiangsu, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Nov 1;2023:9789078. doi: 10.1155/2023/9789078.

This paper mainly studied the correlation factors of cranial nerve injury after 
radiotherapy for large brain metastases by investigating the influencing factors 
and predictors of cranial nerve injury, which can provide a good reference and 
idea for radiotherapy. Through a large number of experiments, it is proved that 
the research idea proposed in this paper is reasonable and correct.

Copyright © 2021 Fang Zhou et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/1159145
PMCID: PMC8626188
PMID: 34840694 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: There are no potential conflicts of interest in 
our paper.


504. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2021 Nov 18;2021:9752534. doi: 10.1155/2021/9752534. 
eCollection 2021.

Analysis of Clinical Characteristics of Hepatitis B and Alcohol-Related Liver 
Cancer.

Pan Y(#)(1), Han G(#)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Disease Control and Prevention, The 81st Group Army Hospital of 
the PLA Army, Zhangjiakou 075000, China.
(2)Hebei Key Laboratory of Cancer Radiotherapy and Chemotherapy, Department of 
Medical Oncology, Affiliated Hospital of Hebei University, Baoding 071000, 
China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Mar 9;2023:9848121. doi: 10.1155/2023/9848121.

In order to analyze the clinical characteristics of hepatitis B and 
alcohol-related liver cancer, this paper combines the investigation and analysis 
methods to analyze the clinical characteristics of hepatitis B and 
alcohol-related liver cancer, studies them in combination with the actual 
situation, and studies multiple parameters with statistical methods. Different 
causes of liver cancer have different pathogenic mechanisms, which may make the 
clinical characteristics of liver cancer different. This study mainly explores 
the difference in clinical characteristics between hepatitis B-related 
hepatocellular carcinoma and alcohol-related hepatocellular carcinoma. Through 
comparative analysis and analysis of the clinical characteristics of hepatitis B 
and alcohol-related liver cancer, the study found that hepatitis B and 
alcohol-related liver cancer have obvious differences in their impact 
mechanisms. Therefore, targeted prevention and diagnosis and treatment measures 
can be put forward on this basis to provide a theoretical reference for 
subsequent clinical treatment analysis of liver cancer.

Copyright © 2021 Yuefei Pan and Guiliang Han.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/9752534
PMCID: PMC8616662
PMID: 34840599 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


505. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2021 Nov 15;2021:5440154. doi: 10.1155/2021/5440154. 
eCollection 2021.

Analysis of Adjuvant Chemotherapy on Pathological Remission of Breast Cancer.

Jiang B(1)(2), Liu Q(1), Gai J(2), Guan J(2), Li Q(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pathology, Cancer Hospital of China Medical University, 
Liaoning Cancer Hospital & Institute, No. 44 Xiaoheyan Road, Dadong District, 
110042 Shenyang City, Liaoning Province, China.
(2)Department of Pathology, College of Basic Medical Sciences, China Medical 
University, No. 77 Puhe Road, 110122 Shenyang City, Liaoning Province, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2022 Dec 13;2022:9898129. doi: 
10.1155/2022/9898129.

With the continuous development of the concept of diagnosis and treatment, the 
current industry's treatment model has developed into a multidisciplinary 
comprehensive treatment. That is, in view of the pathological characteristics 
and clinical stages of breast cancer, corresponding methods such as surgery, 
chemotherapy, endocrine therapy, radiotherapy, and biological targeted therapy 
are adopted to provide comprehensive treatment of patients with multiple 
disciplines. This paper combines experimental research to research and analyze 
the degree of pathological remission of breast cancer by adjuvant chemotherapy 
and combines investigation and analysis and group trials to study and explore 
the effect of adjuvant chemotherapy. Moreover, this paper fully considers the 
patient's response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy and compares the changes in tumor 
cell abundance before and after chemotherapy to observe the response of the 
patient's primary tumor to chemotherapy at a microscopic level. Therefore, this 
study has made a relatively objective and accurate evaluation of the 
chemotherapy efficacy of tumor tissues, which can provide a reference for 
subsequent related research.

Copyright © 2021 Bing Jiang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/5440154
PMCID: PMC8608491
PMID: 34819989 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there is no conflict of 
interest regarding the publication of this paper.


506. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Bioengineered. 2022 Jan;13(1):128-139. doi: 10.1080/21655979.2021.2009969.

Clinical practice of epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitor 
targeted drugs combined with gadolinium oxide nanoparticles in the treatment of 
non-small cell lung cancer.

Zhou X(1), Jin T(2), Wang L(1), Zhao E(1), Xiao X(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thoracic Surgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of Jinzhou 
Medical University, Jinzhou, China.
(2)Department of Rehabilitation, The First Affiliated Hospital of Jinzhou 
Medical University, Jinzhou, China.

Retraction in
    Bioengineered. 2024 Dec;15(1):2299626. doi: 10.1080/21655979.2024.2299626.

It was to explore the clinical efficacy and safety of epidermal growth factor 
receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI) targeted drugs combined with 
hyaluronic acid-gadolinium sesquioxide-nanoparticles (HA-Gd2O3-NPs) in non-small 
cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In this study, 70 patients with stage IV EGFR mutant 
NSCLC diagnosed in the First Affiliated Hospital of Jinzhou Medical University 
were selected. They were randomly divided into the combined group (35 cases) and 
the control group (35 cases). HA-Gd2O3-NPs were prepared by hydrothermal 
polymerization, and combined with EGFR-TKI in the clinical treatment of NSCLC. 
The results showed that HA-Gd2O3-NPs were spherical with a uniform particle size 
of about 124 nm. The NSCLC survival rate of the combined group was 37.2 ± 5.3% 
under 6 Gy X-ray irradiation, and that of the control group was 98.4 ± 12.6% 
under 6 Gy X-ray irradiation. The total effective rate of the control group 
(20%) was significantly lower than that of the study group (42.86%) (P < 0.05). 
The one-year survival rate of the combined group (94%) was significantly higher 
than that of the control group (75%) (P < 0.05). The median progression-free 
survival (PFS) in the control group was 8 months, and that in the combined group 
was 12 months, with statistical difference (P < 0.05). EGFR-TKI targeted drugs 
combined with HA-Gd2O3-NPs can significantly improve the clinical efficacy of 
stage IV EGFR mutant NSCLC patients and benefit their survival.

DOI: 10.1080/21655979.2021.2009969
PMCID: PMC8805885
PMID: 34818973 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: No potential conflict of interest was reported 
by the author(s).


507. Mol Med Rep. 2022 Jan;25(1):23. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2021.12539. Epub 2021 Nov 23.

[Retracted] miR‑663 promotes NPC cell proliferation by directly targeting 
CDKN2A.

Liang S(1), Zhang N(1), Deng Y(1), Chen L(1), Zhang Y(1), Zheng Z(1), Luo W(1), 
Lv Z(1), Li S(1), Xu T(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Tumor Hospital of First People's Hospital of 
Foshan, Foshan, Guangdong 528041, P.R. China.

Retraction of
    Mol Med Rep. 2017 Oct;16(4):4863-4870. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2017.7129.

Following the publication of this paper, it was drawn to the Editors' attention 
by a concerned reader that certain of the cell cycle assay data shown in 
Figs. 2D and 5C were strikingly similar to data appearing in different form in 
other articles by different authors. Owing to the fact that the contentious data 
in the above article had already been published elsewhere, or were already under 
consideration for publication, prior to its submission to Molecular Medicine 
Reports, the Editor has decided that this paper should be retracted from the 
Journal. After having been in contact with the authors, they agreed with the 
decision to retract the paper. The Editor apologizes to the readership for any 
inconvenience caused. [the original article was published in Molecular Medicine 
Reports 16: 4863‑4870, 2017; DOI: 10.3892/mmr.2017.7129].

DOI: 10.3892/mmr.2021.12539
PMCID: PMC8628294
PMID: 34812473


508. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2021 Nov 12;2021:7026098. doi: 10.1155/2021/7026098. eCollection 
2021.

Dose Prediction Models Based on Geometric and Plan Optimization Parameter for 
Adjuvant Radiotherapy Planning Design in Cervical Cancer Radiotherapy.

Tang H(1)(2), Chen Y(1)(2), Jiang J(1)(2), Li K(1)(2), Zeng J(1)(2), Hu Z(1)(2), 
Yin R(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, West China Second University 
Hospital, Sichuan University, Chengdu, China.
(2)Key Laboratory of Birth Defects and Related Diseases of Women and Children 
(Sichuan University), Ministry of Education, Chengdu, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 May 24;2023:9865373. doi: 10.1155/2023/9865373.

The prediction of an additional space for the dose sparing of organs at risk 
(OAR) in radiotherapy is still difficult. In this pursuit, the present study was 
envisaged to find out the factors affecting the bladder and rectum dosimetry of 
cervical cancer. Additionally, the relationship between the dose-volume 
histogram (DVH) parameters and the geometry and plan dose-volume optimization 
parameters of the bladder/rectum was established to develop the dose prediction 
models and guide the planning design for lower OARs dose coverage directly. 
Thirty volume modulated radiation therapy (VMAT) plans from cervical cancer 
patients were randomly chosen to build the dose prediction models. The target 
dose coverage was evaluated. Dose prediction models were established by 
univariate and multiple linear regression among the dosimetric parameters of the 
bladder/rectum, the geometry parameters (planning target volume (PTV), volume of 
bladder/rectum, overlap volume of bladder/rectum (OV), and overlapped volume as 
a percentage of bladder/rectum volume (OP)), and corresponding plan dose-volume 
optimization parameters of the nonoverlapping structures (the structure of 
bladder/rectum outside the PTV (NOS)). Finally, the accuracy of the prediction 
models was evaluated by tracking d = (predicted dose-actual dose)/actual in 
additional ten VMAT plans. V 30, V 35, and V 40 of the bladder and rectum were 
found to be multiple linearly correlated with the relevant OP and corresponding 
dose-volume optimization parameters of NOS (regression R 2 > 0.99, P < 0.001). 
The variations of these models were less than 0.5% for bladder and rectum. 
Percentage of bladder and rectum within the PTV and the dose-volume optimization 
parameters of NOS could be used to predict the dose quantitatively. The 
parameters of NOS as a limited condition could be used in the plan optimization 
instead of limiting the dose and volume of the entire OAR traditionally, which 
made the plan optimization more unified and convenient and strengthened the plan 
quality and consistency.

Copyright © 2021 Hui Tang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/7026098
PMCID: PMC8604605
PMID: 34804459 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


509. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Manag Res. 2021 Nov 13;13:8559-8573. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S332640. 
eCollection 2021.

LINC00261 Inhibits Esophageal Cancer Radioresistance by Down-Regulating 
microRNA-552-3p and Promoting DIRAS1.

Yang B(1), Ma H(1), Bian Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy Oncology, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Xi 'an 
Jiaotong University, Xi 'an, Shanxi Province, 710004, People's Republic of 
China.

Retraction in
    Cancer Manag Res. 2023 Nov 11;15:1269-1270. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S449002.

OBJECTIVE: Esophageal cancer (EC) represents a life-threatening tumor with an 
ever-increasing incidence rate. Long intergenic non-protein coding RNAs (LINCs) 
have also become a topic of interest in EC. In a similar light, the current 
study aimed to investigate the role of LINC00261 in EC radioresistance.
METHODS: Firstly, radioresistant EC cell lines TE-1-R and TE-5-R were 
established using TE-1 and TE-5 cells. Subsequently, LINC00261, microRNA 
(miR)-552-3p, and DIRAS1 expression patterns in EC tissues and adjacent normal 
tissues and EC cells were evaluated. In addition, survival fraction (SF), colony 
formation, apoptosis, and γ-H2AX levels were analyzed, followed by the detection 
of the binding relation between LINC00261 and miR-552-3p and between miR-552-3p 
and DIRAS1. Lastly, xenograft transplantation was carried out to confirm the 
effects of LINC00261 on EC radioresistance in vivo.
RESULTS: LINC00261 and DIRAS1 were poorly-expressed in EC tissues and cells, but 
miR-552-3p was over-expressed. In EC cells with X-ray radiation, over-expression 
of LINC00261 reduced SF and cell viability, strengthened γ-H2AX levels, and 
promoted apoptosis, while all these trends were counteracted by miR-522-3p 
over-expression or DIRAS1 silencing. Mechanistic investigation further validated 
the binding relation between LINC00261 and miR-552-3p, and between miR-552-3p 
and DIRAS1. Moreover, LINC00261 over-expression suppressed tumor growth and 
reduced EC radioresistance in vivo.
CONCLUSION: Altogether, our findings indicated that LINC00261 exerts a 
suppressive effect on EC radioresistance via the competing endogenous RNA 
network to sponge miR-552-3p and up-regulate DIRAS1 transcription.

© 2021 Yang et al.

DOI: 10.2147/CMAR.S332640
PMCID: PMC8597985
PMID: 34803403

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


510. J Exp Clin Cancer Res. 2021 Nov 18;40(1):368. doi: 10.1186/s13046-021-02172-6.

Retraction Note: Reprogramming glioblastoma multiforme cells into neurons by 
protein kinase inhibitors.

Yuan J(1)(2)(3), Zhang F(1), Hallahan D(1), Zhang Z(4), He L(4), Wu LG(4), You 
M(1), Yang Q(5).

Author information:
(1)Cancer Biology Division, Department of Radiation Oncology, Washington 
University School of Medicine, 4511 Forest Park, St. Louis, MO, 63108, USA.
(2)Medical Center of Stomatology, the First Affiliated Hospital of Jinan 
University, Guangzhou, 510630, China.
(3)School of Stomatology, Jinan University, Guangzhou, 510630, China.
(4)Synaptic Transmission Section, National Institute of Neurological Disorders 
and Stroke, Bethesda, MD, 20892, USA.
(5)Cancer Biology Division, Department of Radiation Oncology, Washington 
University School of Medicine, 4511 Forest Park, St. Louis, MO, 63108, USA. 
qyang@wustl.edu.

Retraction of
    J Exp Clin Cancer Res. 2018 Aug 2;37(1):181. doi: 10.1186/s13046-018-0857-5.

DOI: 10.1186/s13046-021-02172-6
PMCID: PMC8600789
PMID: 34794497


511. Aesthetic Plast Surg. 2022 Jun;46(3):1241-1250. doi: 10.1007/s00266-021-02661-1. 
Epub 2021 Nov 16.

Vectra 3D Simulation in Lower Eyelid Blepharoplasty: How Accurate is it?

Miranda RE(1), Matayoshi S(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Ophthalmology, School of Medicine, University of São Paulo, Rua 
Dr. Arnaldo, 455, São Paulo, SP, Brazil. drmiranda78@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Ophthalmology, School of Medicine, University of São Paulo, Rua 
Dr. Arnaldo, 455, São Paulo, SP, Brazil.

Comment in
    Aesthetic Plast Surg. 2022 Jun;46(3):1251-1252. doi: 
10.1007/s00266-022-02787-w.

BACKGROUND: Estimating the volume of fat to be resected during lower lid 
blepharoplasty can be challenging. While the excess fat is clearly visible in 
the upright position, it retracts into the orbital cavity when the patient is in 
decubitus. Several tools have been developed to predict the volume required for 
adequate outcomes and to reduce the risk of complications. Among these, 3D 
photography, in addition to being noninvasive, radiation-free, portable and 
relatively inexpensive, can be used to make simulations.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the level of agreement between Vectra H1 camera simulations 
and the outcome of lower eyelid blepharoplasties with volume removal based on 
these simulations.
METHODS: Preoperatively, a 3D camera and simulation software (Vectra H1, 
Canfield Imaging Systems) was used to estimate the fat pad volume to be resected 
from the lower eyelids in a sample of 35 patients (female n = 34) aged 55 years 
on average. Following the procedure, the patients were photographed at 1, 3 and 
6 months and the outcome was compared to the simulation.
RESULTS: The agreement between the simulated volume and the intraoperative 
volume was high. While the difference between the postoperative volume and the 
simulated volume decreased over time, at 6 months the actual volume was still 
0.30 mL (right eye) and 0.24 mL (left eye) larger than the simulated volume.
CONCLUSIONS: A systematic and significant difference was found between the 
simulation volume and the postoperative volume. The low level of agreement 
observed suggests that the accuracy of the tested software is insufficient for 
reliable simulations.
LEVEL OF EVIDENCE IV: This journal requires that authors assign a level of 
evidence to each article. For a full description of these evidence-based 
medicine ratings, please refer to the Table of Contents or the online 
Instructions to Authors www.springer.com/00266 .

© 2021. Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature and 
International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery.

DOI: 10.1007/s00266-021-02661-1
PMID: 34786617 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


512. Acute Crit Care. 2021 Nov;36(4):369-373. doi: 10.4266/acc.2021.00801. Epub 2021 
Nov 26.

Safety and feasibility of hybrid tracheostomy.

Kang D(1), Jeong IB(1), Kwon SJ(1), Son JW(1), Ku GW(2).

Author information:
(1)Division of Pulmonology, Department of Internal Medicine, Konyang University 
Hospital, Daejeon, Korea.
(2)Department of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery, Konyang University 
Hospital, Daejeon, Korea.

BACKGROUND: Percutaneous dilatational tracheostomy (PDT) is widely used in 
intensive care units, but this conventional method has some disadvantages, such 
as requirement of a lot of equipment and experts at the site. Especially, in 
situations where the patient is isolated due to an infectious disease, 
difficulties in using the equipment may occur, and the number of exposed persons 
may increase. In this paper, we introduce hybrid tracheostomy that combines the 
advantages of surgical tracheostomy and PDT and describe our experiences.
METHODS: Data from 55 patients who received hybrid tracheostomy without 
bronchoscopy from January 2020 to February 2021 were collected and reviewed 
retrospectively. Hybrid tracheostomy was performed at the bedside by a single 
thoracic surgeon. The hybrid tracheostomy method was as follows: after the skin 
was incised and the trachea was exposed, only the extent of the endotracheal 
tube that could not be removed was withdrawn, and then tracheostomy was 
performed by the Seldinger method using a PDT kit.
RESULTS: The average age was 66.5 years, and the proportion of men was 69.1%. 
Among the patients, 21.8% were taking antiplatelet drugs and 14.5% were taking 
anticoagulants. The average duration of the procedure was 13.3 minutes. There 
was no major bleeding, and there was one case of paratracheal placement of the 
tracheostomy tube.
CONCLUSIONS: In most patients, the procedure can be safely performed without any 
major complications. However, patients with a short neck, a neck burn or 
patients who have received radiation therapy to the neck should be treated with 
conventional methods.

DOI: 10.4266/acc.2021.00801
PMCID: PMC8907456
PMID: 34784454

Conflict of interest statement: CONFLICT OF INTEREST No potential conflict of 
interest relevant to this article was reported.


513. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Ther. 2021 Nov 8:S1525-0016(21)00574-8. doi: 10.1016/j.ymthe.2021.11.003. 
Online ahead of print.

WITHDRAWN: lncRNA Linc00173 modulates glucose metabolism and multidrug 
chemoresistance in SCLC: Potential molecular panel for targeted therapy.

Wang S(1), Zeng F(2), Liang S(3), Wang Q(3), Wen Y(3), Wang Q(4), Zhang J(5), Li 
M(3), Fang S(3), Wei T(4), Li M(6), Manapov F(6), Zhang J(7), Guo L(8).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pathology, Zhujiang Hospital, Southern Medical University, 253 
Gongye Road, Guangzhou 510282, People's Republic of China; Department of 
Oncology, Zhujiang Hospital, Southern Medical University, 253 Gongye Road, 
Guangzhou 510282, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou 
Medical University, Guangzhou 510120, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Pathology, Zhujiang Hospital, Southern Medical University, 253 
Gongye Road, Guangzhou 510282, People's Republic of China.
(4)Department of Oncology, Zhujiang Hospital, Southern Medical University, 253 
Gongye Road, Guangzhou 510282, People's Republic of China.
(5)State Key Laboratory of Respiratory Disease, National Clinical Research 
Center for Respiratory Disease, Guangzhou Institute of Respiratory Health, the 
First Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University, Guangzhou, People's 
Republic of China.
(6)Department of Radiation Oncology, University Hospital, LMU Munich, Campus 
Grosshadern, Marchioninistr. 15, 81377 Munich, Germany.
(7)Department of Oncology, Zhujiang Hospital, Southern Medical University, 253 
Gongye Road, Guangzhou 510282, People's Republic of China. Electronic address: 
blacktiger@139.com.
(8)Department of Pathology, Zhujiang Hospital, Southern Medical University, 253 
Gongye Road, Guangzhou 510282, People's Republic of China. Electronic address: 
linlangg@yahoo.com.

Retraction in
    Mol Ther. 2022 Aug 3;30(8):2868. doi: 10.1016/j.ymthe.2022.06.014.

Expression of concern in
    Mol Ther. 2022 Apr 6;30(4):1787. doi: 10.1016/j.ymthe.2022.03.013.

This article has been withdrawn at the request of the editor-in-chief. Following 
publication of this article, the editor-in-chief discovered evidence of image 
duplication in Figures 1I, 1J, 3F, S5B, and S6B. Given the duplication of 
several western blots representing several gene products, the editor-in-chief 
has lost faith in the findings presented in this article. The authors maintain 
that these image duplications were the result of errors in file management and 
do not affect the conclusions of the study. The full Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal can be found at 
https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal.

Copyright © 2021 The American Society of Gene and Cell Therapy. Published by 
Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ymthe.2021.11.003
PMID: 34763086

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests The authors declare 
that they have no competing interests.


514. Surg Neurol Int. 2021 Oct 11;12:507. doi: 10.25259/SNI_673_2021. eCollection 
2021.

Right radial nerve decompression for refractory radial tunnel syndrome.

Singh R(1), Lee YS(1), Kouloumberis PE(1), Noland SS(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Mayo Clinic, Phoenix, Arizona, United States.
(2)Department of Plastic Surgery, Mayo Clinic, Phoenix, Arizona, United States.

BACKGROUND: Radial tunnel syndrome arises due to compression of the radial nerve 
through the radial tunnel.[1,5] The radial nerve divides into superficial and 
deep branches in the forearm. The deep branch travels posteriorly through the 
heads of the supinator where compression commonly occurs.[3,9,7] This syndrome 
results in pain in the hand and forearm with no motor weakness.[8] This 
condition can be treated conservatively with splinting and anti-inflammatory 
medication.[2,4,6] For cases of refractory radial tunnel syndrome, surgical 
management can be considered. Herein, we have presented a step-by-step video 
guide on how to perform a radial nerve decompression with a review of the 
relevant anatomy and surgical considerations.
CASE DESCRIPTION: A 68-year-old right-handed woman presented to the Mayo Clinic 
(Scottsdale, AZ) with the right elbow pain which radiated to the forearm causing 
significant difficulties with daily tasks. She had been dealing with worsening 
symptoms for 4 months. The patient's history of gardening and clinical 
presentation allowed for diagnosis of radial tunnel syndrome. After conservative 
measures failed and other differential diagnoses were excluded, surgical 
decompression was recommended to treat her symptoms. The patient's right arm was 
marked preoperatively between the brachioradialis and extensor carpi radialis 
longus (ECRL) muscles. The posterior cutaneous nerve of the forearm was 
identified which allowed for the determination of the interval between the 
brachioradialis and ECRL. Separation of the two muscles allowed for the 
identification of the radial sensory nerve. A nerve stimulator was used to 
confirm the sensory nature of this nerve. The nerve to the extensor carpi 
radialis brevis (ECRB) was identified and retracted with a vessel loop. Dorsal 
to the nerve to the ECRB is the posterior interosseous nerve (PIN), which was 
identified and retracted with a vessel loop. The fascia of the ECRB was divided 
both longitudinally and transversely and the supinator below was identified. The 
supinator muscle was carefully divided to further decompress the PIN. Informed 
consent for publication of this material was obtained from the patient.
CONCLUSION: The patient tolerated the procedure well and reported significantly 
reduced pain at 7-month follow-up. To the best of our knowledge, video tutorials 
on this procedure have not been published. This video can serve as an 
educational guide for peripheral nerve specialists dealing with similar lesions.

Copyright: © 2021 Surgical Neurology International.

DOI: 10.25259/SNI_673_2021
PMCID: PMC8571413
PMID: 34754557

Conflict of interest statement: There are no conflicts of interest.


515. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Front Cell Dev Biol. 2021 Oct 22;9:688949. doi: 10.3389/fcell.2021.688949. 
eCollection 2021.

NR2F1-AS1/miR-190a/PHLDB2 Induces the Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transformation 
Process in Gastric Cancer by Promoting Phosphorylation of AKT3.

Lv J(1)(2)(3)(4), Zhang S(1)(2)(3)(4), Liu Y(1)(2)(3)(4), Li C(1)(2)(3)(4), Guo 
T(1)(2)(3)(4), Zhang S(1)(2)(3)(4), Li Z(1)(2)(3)(4), Jiao Z(1)(2)(3)(4), Sun 
H(1)(2)(3)(4), Zhang Y(5), Xu L(1)(2)(3)(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Oncology, The First Hospital of China Medical 
University, Shenyang, China.
(2)Key Laboratory of Anticancer Drugs and Biotherapy of Liaoning Province, The 
First Hospital of China Medical University, Shenyang, China.
(3)Liaoning Province Clinical Research Center for Cancer, Shenyang, China.
(4)Key Laboratory of Precision Diagnosis and Treatment of Gastrointestinal 
Tumors, Ministry of Education, Shenyang, China.
(5)The First Laboratory of Cancer Institute, The First Hospital of China Medical 
University, Shenyang, China.

Retraction in
    Front Cell Dev Biol. 2024 Sep 11;12:1491753. doi: 
10.3389/fcell.2024.1491753.

The median survival time of patients with advanced gastric cancer (GC) who 
received radiotherapy and chemotherapy was <1 year. Epithelial-mesenchymal 
transformation (EMT) gives GC cells the ability to invade, which is an essential 
biological mechanism in the progression of GC. The long non-coding RNA 
(lncRNA)-based competitive endogenous RNA (ceRNA) system has been shown to play 
a key role in the GC-related EMT process. Although the AKT pathway is essential 
for EMT in GC, the relationship between AKT3 subtypes and EMT in GC is unclear. 
Here, we evaluated the underlying mechanism of ceRNA involving 
NR2F1-AS1/miR-190a/PHLDB2 in inducing EMT by promoting the expression and 
phosphorylation of AKT3. The results of bioinformatics analysis showed that the 
expression of NR2F1-AS1/miR-190a/PHLDB2 in GC was positively associated with the 
pathological features, staging, poor prognosis, and EMT process. We performed 
cell transfection, qRT-PCR, western blot, cell viability assay, TUNEL assay, 
Transwell assay, cell morphology observation, and double luciferase assay to 
confirm the regulation of NR2F1-AS1/miR-190a/PHLDB2 and its effect on EMT 
transformation. Finally, GSEA and GO/KEGG enrichment analysis identified that 
PI3K/AKT pathway was positively correlated to NR2F1-AS1/miR-190a/PHLDB2 
expression. AKT3 knockout cells were co-transfected with PHLDB2-OE, and the 
findings revealed that AKT3 expression and phosphorylation were essential for 
the PHLDB2-mediated EMT process. Thus, our results showed that 
NR2F1-AS1/miR-190a/PHLDB2 promoted the phosphorylation of AKT3 to induce EMT in 
GC cells. This study provides a comprehensive understanding of the underlying 
mechanism involved in the EMT process as well as the identification of new EMT 
markers.

Copyright © 2021 Lv, Zhang, Liu, Li, Guo, Zhang, Li, Jiao, Sun, Zhang and Xu.

DOI: 10.3389/fcell.2021.688949
PMCID: PMC8569557
PMID: 34746118

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


516. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2021 Oct 28;2021:7278853. doi: 
10.1155/2021/7278853. eCollection 2021.

Changes and Influencing Factors of Cognitive Impairment in Patients with Breast 
Cancer.

Cui H(1), Shi X(2), Song X(1), Zhang W(3).

Author information:
(1)College of Nursing, Jinzhou Medical University, Jinzhou, Liaoning 121001, 
China.
(2)Department of Intensive Care Medicine, Liaocheng People's Hospital, 
Liaocheng, Shandong 252000, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Jinzhou 
Medical University, Jinzhou, Liaoning 121001, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9872082. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9872082.

OBJECTIVE: To investigate the changes in cognitive function and its influencing 
factors in patients with breast cancer after chemotherapy, to provide a 
scientific basis for further cognitive correction therapy.
METHODS: In this study, general information on age, marital status, and 
chemotherapy regimen was collected from 172 breast cancer chemotherapy patients. 
172 patients with breast cancer undergoing chemotherapy were investigated by 
convenience sampling method, and the subjects were tested one-on-one using the 
Chinese version of the MATRICS Consensus Cognitive Battery (MCCB) computer 
system.
RESULTS: The mean value of standardized t-value of cognitive function and its 
abnormal dimensions in breast cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy were MCCB 
total cognition (66.3%, 36.99 ± 13.06, abnormal), working memory (73.3%, 
36.84 ± 10.25), attention and alertness (70.3%, 37.20 ± 12.50), social cognition 
(65.1%, 39.54 ± 10.17), and visual memory (61.6%, 42.19 ± 9.38). A comparison of 
cognitive function among breast cancer chemotherapy patients with different 
demographic characteristics showed that differences in place of residence, 
educational level, monthly income, timing of chemotherapy, chemotherapy regimen, 
and chemotherapy times may be associated with abnormal cognitive function. 
Further multiple linear regression analysis was performed and the results showed 
that there was a linear regression between literacy, number of chemotherapy 
sessions, monthly personal income, and cognitive function.
CONCLUSION: Cognitive impairment is common in patients with breast cancer after 
chemotherapy. Nurses should pay attention to the cognitive function changes and 
intervention of patients with breast cancer after chemotherapy, to prevent the 
changes of cognitive function and promote the rehabilitation of patients.

Copyright © 2021 Huixia Cui et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/7278853
PMCID: PMC8568554
PMID: 34745299

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


517. J Am Chem Soc. 2021 Nov 17;143(45):18877-18887. doi: 10.1021/jacs.1c02156. Epub 
2021 Nov 2.

An Optogenetic Tool to Raise Intracellular pH in Single Cells and Drive 
Localized Membrane Dynamics.

Donahue CET(1)(2), Siroky MD(1)(2), White KA(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, University of Notre Dame, Notre 
Dame, Indiana 46556, United States.
(2)Mike and Josie Harper Cancer Research Institute, University of Notre Dame, 
South Bend, Indiana 46617, United States.

Intracellular pH (pHi) dynamics are critical for regulating normal cell 
physiology. For example, transient increases in pHi (7.2-7.6) regulate cell 
behaviors like cell polarization, actin cytoskeleton remodeling, and cell 
migration. Most studies on pH-dependent cell behaviors have been performed at 
the population level and use nonspecific methods to manipulate pHi. The lack of 
tools to specifically manipulate pHi at the single-cell level has hindered 
investigation of the role of pHi dynamics in driving single cell behaviors. In 
this work, we show that Archaerhodopsin (ArchT), a light-driven outward proton 
pump, can be used to elicit robust and physiological pHi increases over the 
minutes time scale. We show that activation of ArchT is repeatable, enabling the 
maintenance of high pHi in single cells for up to 45 minutes. We apply this 
spatiotemporal pHi manipulation tool to determine whether increased pHi is a 
sufficient driver of membrane ruffling in single cells. Using the ArchT tool, we 
show that increased pHi in single cells can drive localized membrane ruffling 
responses within seconds and increased membrane dynamics (both protrusion and 
retraction events) compared to unstimulated ArchT cells as well as control 
cells. Overall, this tool allows us to directly investigate the relationship 
between increased pHi and single cell behaviors such as membrane ruffling. This 
tool will be transformative in facilitating experiments that are required to 
determine roles for increased pHi in driving single cell behaviors.

DOI: 10.1021/jacs.1c02156
PMCID: PMC8603357
PMID: 34726911 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing financial 
interest.


518. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2021 Oct 22;2021:5314016. doi: 
10.1155/2021/5314016. eCollection 2021.

Expression of PD-L1 and BRCA1 in Triple-Negative Breast Cancer Patients and 
Relationship with Clinicopathological Characteristics.

Huang X(1)(2), Wang X(3), Qian H(4), Jin X(5), Jiang G(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of General Surgery, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Soochow 
University, Suzhou 215004, Jiangsu, China.
(2)Department of Breast Surgery, Affiliated Tumor Hospital of Nantong 
University, Nantong 226321, Jiangsu, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Affiliated Tumor Hospital of Nantong 
University, Nantong 226321, Jiangsu, China.
(4)Key Laboratory of Cancer Research Center Nantong, Tumor Hospital Affiliated 
to Nantong University, Nantong 226321, Jiangsu, China.
(5)Department of Pathology, Nantong Tumor Hospital, Affiliated Tumor Hospital of 
Nantong University, Nantong 226321, Jiangsu, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9815452. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9815452.

OBJECTIVE: To study the expression of programmed cell death ligand-1 (PD-L1) and 
breast cancer susceptibility gene 1 (BRCA1) in triple-negative breast cancer 
(TNBC) patients and analyze their relationship with clinicopathological 
characteristics.
METHODS: 76 TNBC tissues were collected as the research object, while 60 
adjacent tissues were used as controls. All patients underwent surgical 
treatment, and the expression of PD-L1 and BRCA1 in cancer tissues and adjacent 
tissues was detected by immunohistochemistry. At the same time, the relationship 
between PD-L1, BRCA1, and clinicopathological characteristics of patients with 
TNBC (including patient age, menopausal status, tumor size, lymph node 
metastasis, histological grade, Ki-67 expression, and p53 expression) were 
analyzed by univariate and logistic multivariate analysis.
RESULTS: The positive expression rate of PD-L1 in the TNBC group was 64.47%, 
which was higher than the control group by 41.67%. The positive expression rate 
of BRCA1 was 27.63%, which was lower than the control group by 48.33%. PD-L1 
expression has no significant relationship with age, menopausal status, and p53 
expression in TNBC patients. TNBC patients with tumors ≥2 cm, histological grade 
III, lymph node metastasis, and Ki-67 expression ≥20% had higher PD-L1 positive 
expression rates. The tumor size, Ki-67 expression, and PD-L1 expression of TNBC 
patients have independent effects. The expression of BRCA1 has no significant 
relationship with menopausal status, tumor size, Ki-67 expression, etc. TNBC 
patients with age <45 years, histological grade I or II, no lymph node 
metastasis, and high p53 expression positive rate had higher BRCA1 positive 
expression rate. The age of TNBC patients, p53 expression, and BRCA1 expression 
have independent effects.
CONCLUSION: In TNBC cancer tissues, there is a high expression of PD-L1 and low 
expression of BRAC1. The tumor size, Ki-67 expression, and PD-L1 expression of 
TNBC patients have independent effects. The age of TNBC patients, p53 
expression, and BRCA1 expression have independent effects.

Copyright © 2021 Xianghua Huang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/5314016
PMCID: PMC8556097
PMID: 34721634

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


519. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2021 Oct 18;2021:7952922. doi: 10.1155/2021/7952922. 
eCollection 2021.

FAM87A as a Competing Endogenous RNA of miR-424-5p Suppresses Glioma Progression 
by Regulating PPM1H.

Xu H(1), Zhang H(2), Tan L(1), Yang Y(1), Wang H(1), Zhao Q(1), Lu J(1).

Author information:
(1)Radiotherapy Center, Xi'an International Medical Center Hospital, Xi'an, 
Shaanxi Province, China 710100.
(2)Department of Geriatric Endocrinology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xi'an 
Jiaotong University, Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, China 710100.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9769738. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9769738.

Far less has been unveiled about the functions of lncRNAs on cancers yet. Here, 
we reported that lncRNA FAM87A, as a ceRNA of miR-424-5p, played a vital role in 
glioma development. qRT-PCR result indicated that FAM87A was abnormally 
downregulated in glioma tissue and cells. Survival analysis suggested that the 
FAM87A expression was negatively correlated with the survival rate. Effects of 
FAM87A on human glioma cell lines were also analyzed by MTT, Edu, and transwell 
assays. FAM87A hastened proliferation and migration of glioma cells. MiR-424-5p, 
predicted target of FAM87A, was fostered in glioma, which was examined by 
qRT-PCR. A negative correlation was indicated between FAM87A and miR-424-5p. 
Results of bioinformatics, dual luciferase, and RIP assays unveiled that FAM87A 
and miR-424-5p act upon each other. In addition, miR-424-5p targeted 3'-UTR of 
PPM1H. Also, effects of miR-424-5p/FAM87A on glioma cells were identified via 
the cell function experiments. FAM87A suppressed PPM1H by binding to miR-424-5p 
competitively, thereby restraining cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. 
Collectively, these findings illuminated a new mechanism for glioma progression. 
Therefore, FAM87A may act as a feasible target for glioma treatment.

Copyright © 2021 Hua Xu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/7952922
PMCID: PMC8546405
PMID: 34712356 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no potential 
conflicts of interest.


520. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2021 Oct 13;2021:5873213. doi: 
10.1155/2021/5873213. eCollection 2021.

Correlations between Clinical Characteristics and Prognosis in Patients with 
Grade II Glioma.

Ning L(1), Liang W(1), Guo H(1), Liu J(1), Xie L(1).

Author information:
(1)Fuyang People's Hospital, Fuyang, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9765049. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9765049.

OBJECTIVE: Grade II gliomas are mostly astrocytomas and oligodendrocytomas. The 
treatment method is mainly surgery, combined with chemotherapy and radiotherapy. 
According to statistics, young patients under the age of 40 years with grade II 
gliomas have a 50% chance of more than 5-year survival through reasonable 
treatment and normal eating habits. The survival time of middle-aged and elderly 
patients over 40 years old is about 2-3 years under the same conditions. The 
study aimed at analyzing the clinical characteristics and prognostic factors of 
60 patients with glioma.
METHODS: A total of 60 patients diagnosed pathologically with grade II glioma 
according to the World Health Organization (WHO) classification in 2007 admitted 
into our hospital from January 2016 to December 2016 were retrospectively 
analyzed. The Kaplan-Meier curve was plotted to reflect 5-year survival 
according to patients' clinical characteristics. The Cox regression model was 
used to analyze prognostic factors of grade II glioma.
RESULTS: Preoperative KPS scores <60, 60-80, and >80 accounted for 25.00% 
(15/60), 40.00% (24/60), and 35.00% (21/60), respectively. The largest tumor 
diameter LTD was less than 5 cm revealed in 60.00% patients, of which 
astrocytoma accounted for 65.00%. Subventricular zone (SVZ) expansion occurred 
in 23.33% of the patients and peritumoral edema occurred in 16.67% of the 
patients. The median follow-up time was 54 months. 5-year overall survival and 
progression-free survival rates of all patients were 70.0% and 56.7%, 
respectively. The Cox regression model indicated SVZ expansion, surgical 
resections, and recurrence were the independent prognostic factors of grade II 
glioma.
CONCLUSION: These data suggested that SVZ expansion, surgical resections, and 
recurrence were independent factors affecting the prognosis of grade II glioma. 
According to the above clinical indexes of patients, individualized therapies 
can be established to prolong the survival time of patients.

Copyright © 2021 Liang Ning et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/5873213
PMCID: PMC8548090
PMID: 34712344

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


521. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2021 Oct 18;2021:8793187. doi: 
10.1155/2021/8793187. eCollection 2021.

Analysis of Prognostic Factors and Treatment Modes of Patients with Recurrent 
Endometrial Carcinoma.

Li Y(1), Yang D(2), Yang S(1).

Author information:
(1)The First Affiliated Hospital, Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, 
Hengyang Medical School, University of South China, Hengyang, Hunan 421001, 
China.
(2)The First Affiliated Hospital, Department of Radiation Oncology, Hengyang 
Medical School, University of South China, Hengyang, Hunan 421001, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9850950. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9850950.

OBJECTIVE: Recurrence of endometrial cancer after initial treatment can be 
complex and difficult to treat. The current main treatment modalities for 
patients with recurrent endometrial cancer (REC) include chemotherapy, 
radiotherapy, and surgery, which vary according to the individual patient. 
However, REC is often associated with a poor prognosis, and it is therefore 
important to investigate the risk factors affecting REC prognosis and to explore 
appropriate treatment modalities to improve the prognosis and treatment 
strategies for patients with REC.
METHODS: Totally, 100 patients with REC admitted to our hospital from January 
2013 to January 2018 were chosen to be research objects. Their pathological data 
were analyzed, including age, disease-free interval (DFI), recurrence site, and 
treatment plan after relapse (definitive local therapy (DLT) and palliative 
chemotherapy (PC)). According to these parameters, univariate and multivariate 
factors affecting the prognosis of REC patients and the curative effect of PC 
were analyzed, and the 3-year overall survival (OS) curve and progression-free 
survival (PFS) curve were drawn.
RESULTS: After 3 years of follow-up, 30 patients had a poor prognosis and 70 had 
a good prognosis, according to which a single multifactorial analysis was 
performed for different prognoses, where the results of the single-factor 
analysis showed significant differences between patients with different 
prognoses in terms of pathomorphology, pathological grading, TFI, and treatment 
modality after relapse. Further multifactorial analysis showed that TFI and 
treatment modality after recurrence were independent factors affecting poor 
prognosis in REC patients. The 3-year OS and 3-year PFS of REC patients were 
74.00% and 70.00%, respectively. Patients whose DFI was less than 12 months or 
treated with PC after relapse were notably associated with lower levels of 
3-year OS and 3-year PFS. In addition, radiotherapy and chemotherapy, DFI, and 
chemotherapy plan after primary surgery were independent risk factors that 
affected the PC efficacy of REC patients.
CONCLUSION: DFI and treatment mode after relapse are independent factors 
affecting the prognosis of REC patients. DLT can obviously improve the prognosis 
of REC patients. For patients who can only choose PC, chemoradiotherapy and DFI 
after primary surgery are helpful to predict the chemotherapy effect, and the 
combination of paclitaxel and platinum drugs should be the first choice for 
chemotherapy.

Copyright © 2021 Yi Li et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/8793187
PMCID: PMC8545576
PMID: 34707677

Conflict of interest statement: All the authors declare no conflicts of 
interest.


522. Med Dosim. 2022 Spring;47(1):e1-e6. doi: 10.1016/j.meddos.2021.09.005. Epub 2021 
Oct 23.

Interfraction dose deviation and catheter position in cervical interstitial and 
intracavitary image guided HDR brachytherapy.

Xu Y(1), Harris T(2), O'Farrell D(2), Cormack R(2), Lee L(2), King M(2), 
Buzurovic I(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard 
Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA. Electronic address: yiwen.xu@rmp.uhn.ca.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard 
Medical School, Boston, MA 02115, USA.

Interstitial and intracavitary gynecological HDR brachytherapy involve precise, 
localized delivery to targets with high dose gradients, sparing adjacent organs 
at risk (OAR). Due to the proximity of the rectum, bowel and bladder to the 
target, deviations in the applicator or catheter with respect to patient anatomy 
can significantly increase dose to OAR. The magnitude and direction of 
applicator and catheter migration at each fraction was assessed for template 
interstitial and tandem and ring (T&R) cohorts. The cohort included twelve 
gynecological patients with intact cervical lesions treated with external beam 
and brachytherapy. Pre-treatment CT images were registered to the simulation CT 
with respect to the target. Treatment catheter positions transformed into the 
planning CT coordinate system to evaluate localized catheter displacement and 
dose distributions calculated at each fraction. Dose was evaluated on the 
planning CT with planning contours and dwell locations at treatment position. 
Absolute deviation, depth and deflection angle for all patients were 4.6 ± 4.2 
mm, -1.4 ± 4.0 mm, and 3.1 ± 2.3° respectively (n = 516 catheter positions for 
all treatment fractions and patients, mean ± SD). Absolute catheter deviation 
and deflection magnitude for interstitial treatments increased overall with each 
subsequent fraction with an overall increase of catheter retraction at each 
fraction (p < 0.005, n = 492 catheters, Kruskal-Wallis). A target EQD2 D90 
reduction of 10 ± 10% and 7.7 ± 8.7% of the planned dose for interstitial and 
T&R cohorts respectively. There was an overall increase in bladder and rectal 
doses at each fraction. Catheter tracking in interstitial and intracavitary 
gynecological treatments with CT imaging revealed significant changes in 
catheter positioning with respect to the target volume. Overall deviations 
increased in magnitude with each subsequent fraction in the interstitial 
treatments. This caused patient dosimetry deviations, including target dose 
reduction and adjacent OAR doses changes.

Copyright © 2021 American Association of Medical Dosimetrists. Published by 
Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.meddos.2021.09.005
PMID: 34702633 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


523. Biomaterials. 2021 Dec;279:121123. doi: 10.1016/j.biomaterials.2021.121123. Epub 
2021 Oct 23.

Retraction notice to "Phototherapy together with it triggered immunological 
response for Anti-HPV treatment of oropharyngeal cancer: Removing tumor and 
pathogenic virus simultaneously" [Biomaterials (2021) 120777].

Liu Z(1), Yang X(1), Liu R(2), Bao J(1), An N(3), Jiang S(1), Miao S(1), Guo 
C(4), Qu G(5), Meng H(6).

Author information:
(1)Harbin Medical University Cancer Hospital, Harbin, 150080, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Sun Yat-Sen University Cancer Hospital, 
Guangzhou, China.
(3)School of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, Harbin Institute of Technology, 
Harbin, 150080, China.
(4)School of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, Harbin Institute of Technology, 
Harbin, 150080, China. Electronic address: chongshenguo@hit.edu.cn.
(5)Harbin Medical University Cancer Hospital, Harbin, 150080, China. Electronic 
address: guofanqu@126.com.
(6)Harbin Medical University Cancer Hospital, Harbin, 150080, China. Electronic 
address: menghongxue15@163.com.

Retraction of
    Biomaterials. 2021 May;272:120777. doi: 10.1016/j.biomaterials.2021.120777.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biomaterials.2021.121123
PMID: 34700223


524. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2021 Oct 13;2021:3727794. doi: 10.1155/2021/3727794. eCollection 
2021.

Regression Analysis of Factors Based on Cluster Analysis of Acute Radiation 
Pneumonia due to Radiation Therapy for Lung Cancer.

Zhang X(1), Lv B(1), Rui L(1), Cai L(1), Liu F(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Respiratory Department, The Affiliated Hospital of Jiangnan University, Wuxi 
Jiangsu 214062, China.
(2)Medical School Liaocheng University, Shandong Liaocheng 250200, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Oct 11;2023:9864805. doi: 10.1155/2023/9864805.

We conducted in this paper a regression analysis of factors associated with 
acute radiation pneumonia due to radiation therapy for lung cancer utilizing 
cluster analysis to explore the predictive effects of clinical and dosimetry 
factors on grade ≥2 radiation pneumonia due to radiation therapy for lung cancer 
and to further refine the effect of the ratio of the volume of the primary foci 
to the volume of the lung lobes in which they are located on radiation 
pneumonia, to refine the factors that are clinically effective in predicting the 
occurrence of grade ≥2 radiation pneumonia. This will provide a basis for better 
guiding lung cancer radiation therapy, reducing the occurrence of grade ≥2 
radiation pneumonia, and improving the safety of radiotherapy. Based on the 
characteristics of the selected surveillance data, the experimental simulation 
of the factors of acute radiation pneumonia due to lung cancer radiation therapy 
was performed based on three signal detection methods using fuzzy mean 
clustering algorithm with drug names as the target and adverse drug reactions as 
the characteristics, and the drugs were classified into three categories. The 
method was then designed and used to determine the classification correctness 
evaluation function as the best signal detection method. The factor 
classification and risk feature identification of acute radiation pneumonia due 
to radiation therapy for lung cancer based on ADR were achieved by using cluster 
analysis and feature extraction techniques, which provided a referenceable 
method for establishing the factor classification mechanism of acute radiation 
pneumonia due to radiation therapy for lung cancer and a new idea for reuse of 
ADR surveillance report data resources.

Copyright © 2021 Xiaofeng Zhang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/3727794
PMCID: PMC8528627
PMID: 34691377 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest.


525. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cureus. 2021 Sep 18;13(9):e18074. doi: 10.7759/cureus.18074. eCollection 2021 
Sep.

Saddle Aortic Embolism Following Recovery From Severe COVID-19 Pneumonia.

Alqahtani SS(1), Altowygry SM(2), Alebiwani TE(2), Alsaleh ME(3), Almajed AA(3), 
Alkhamis MA(3), Al Abdullah AA(3), Almajed MH(2), Alhamaqi ME(4), Aljuhani 
FG(5), Alsharit AA(3), Alshammari MA(6).

Author information:
(1)Vascular Surgery, Prince Sultan Military Medical City, Riyadh, SAU.
(2)Medicine, King Saud University, College of Medicine, Riyadh, SAU.
(3)Medicine, King Faisal University, College of Medicine, Al-Ahsa, SAU.
(4)Medicine, Maastricht University, Maastricht, NLD.
(5)Medicine, University of Debrecen, Debrecen, HUN.
(6)Internal Medicine, Imam Abdulrahman Bin Faisal University, Dammam, SAU.

Retraction in
    Cureus. 2024 Jan 25;16(1):r82. doi: 10.7759/cureus.r82.

Expression of concern in
    Cureus. 2022 Apr 7;14(4):x1. doi: 10.7759/cureus.x1.

Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a multi-organ disease with a wide range 
of manifestations. Coagulopathy is one of the well-recognized complications of 
COVID-19. We report the case of a 42-year-old man who presented with 
progressively worsening low back pain of two days in duration. The pain was 
burning in character, non-radiating, and was not related to movement. The 
patient had a recent history of severe COVID-19 pneumonia requiring mechanical 
ventilation and has stayed in the intensive care unit for eight days. He was 
discharged three days before the acute onset of his back pain. Examination of 
the lumbar spine was unremarkable. However, lower limb examination revealed 
coldness and absent pulses bilaterally. The patient underwent computed 
tomography angiography which revealed complete occlusion of the lower abdominal 
aorta at its bifurcation. Emergency endovascular treatment was performed to 
aspirate the clot. The symptoms resolved following the procedure and the patient 
was discharged on the third post-intervention day. Saddle aortic embolism is a 
rare life-threatening condition that may present solely with low back pain. The 
case demonstrated a possible complication of COVID-19 that occurred after the 
recovery from the acute phase of the disease.

Copyright © 2021, Alqahtani et al.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.18074
PMCID: PMC8521487
PMID: 34671538

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


526. Nat Commun. 2021 Oct 20;12(1):6104. doi: 10.1038/s41467-021-25762-6.

Retraction Note: Mechanically interlocked architecture aids an ultra-stiff and 
ultra-hard elastically bendable cocrystal.

Dey S(1), Das S(2), Bhunia S(2)(3), Chowdhury R(2), Mondal A(2), Bhattacharya 
B(2), Devarapalli R(2), Yasuda N(4), Moriwaki T(4), Mandal K(5), Mukherjee 
GD(5), Reddy CM(6)(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Chemical Sciences, Indian Institute of Science Education and 
Research (IISER) Kolkata, Mohanpur, West Bengal, 741246, India. 
somnathdey226@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Chemical Sciences, Indian Institute of Science Education and 
Research (IISER) Kolkata, Mohanpur, West Bengal, 741246, India.
(3)Center for Advanced Functional Materials, Indian Institute of Science 
Education and Research (IISER) Kolkata, Mohanpur, West Bengal, 741246, India.
(4)Japan Synchrotron Radiation Research Institute (JASRI), 1-1-1 Kouto, Sayo, 
Hyogo, 679-5198, Japan.
(5)Department of Physical Sciences, Indian Institute of Science Education and 
Research (IISER) Kolkata, Mohanpur, West Bengal, 741246, India.
(6)Department of Chemical Sciences, Indian Institute of Science Education and 
Research (IISER) Kolkata, Mohanpur, West Bengal, 741246, India. 
cmallareddy@gmail.com.
(7)Center for Advanced Functional Materials, Indian Institute of Science 
Education and Research (IISER) Kolkata, Mohanpur, West Bengal, 741246, India. 
cmallareddy@gmail.com.

Retraction of
    Nat Commun. 2019 Aug 16;10(1):3711. doi: 10.1038/s41467-019-11657-0.

DOI: 10.1038/s41467-021-25762-6
PMCID: PMC8528845
PMID: 34671023


527. J Biochem Mol Toxicol. 2022 Jan;36(1):e22934. doi: 10.1002/jbt.22934. Epub 2021 
Oct 19.

Celecoxib decreases mitochondrial complex IV activity and induces oxidative 
stress in isolated rat heart mitochondria: An analysis for its cardiotoxic 
adverse effect.

Atashbar S(1), Jamali Z(2), Khezri S(1), Salimi A(3)(4).

Author information:
(1)Students Research Committee, Faculty of Pharmacy, Ardabil University of 
Medical Sciences, Ardabil, Iran.
(2)Student Research Committee, School of Medicine, Shahroud University of 
Medical Sciences, Shahroud, Iran.
(3)Traditional Medicine and Hydrotherapy Research Center, Ardabil University of 
Medical Sciences, Ardabil, Iran.
(4)Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, Ardabil University of Medical 
Sciences, Ardabil, Iran.

In spite of the cardiotoxic effect of selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors, 
they are most widely used as anti-inflammatory and analgesic drugs. Today, 
valdecoxib and rofecoxib have been withdrawn in the market but celecoxib 
remains. In this study, we focused on an analysis of celecoxib toxic effects on 
isolated mitochondria. Isolated rat heart mitochondria were obtained using 
differential centrifugation. Using flow cytometry and biochemical assays, we 
searched succinate dehydrogenases, mitochondrial membrane potential (MMP), 
reactive oxygen species (ROS) formation, mitochondrial swelling, ATP/ADP ratio, 
lipid peroxidation, and mitochondrial complexes activity in rat heart isolated 
mitochondria. Herein, our results indicated a significant decrease in the 
activity of complex IV after exposure with celecoxib (16 µg/ml). This decrease 
in the activity of complex IV is paralleled by the MMP collapse, ROS formation, 
mitochondrial swelling, depletion of ATP, and lipid peroxidation. For the first 
time, this introductory study has shown a significant decrease in the activity 
of complex IV and mitochondrial dysfunction after exposure with celecoxib in rat 
heart isolated mitochondria.

© 2021 Wiley Periodicals LLC.

DOI: 10.1002/jbt.22934
PMID: 34668290 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


528. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Cell Int. 2021 Oct 18;21(1):550. doi: 10.1186/s12935-021-02253-8.

LncRNA LINC00337 sponges mir-1285-3p to promote proliferation and metastasis of 
lung adenocarcinoma cells by upregulating YTHDF1.

Zhang RN(1), Wu DM(2), Wu LP(2), Gao GW(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Xinxiang Central Hospital, No.56 Jinsui 
Road, Xinxiang, 453000, Henan, People's Republic of China. wdjzz95@163.com.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Xinxiang Central Hospital, No.56 Jinsui 
Road, Xinxiang, 453000, Henan, People's Republic of China.

Retraction in
    Cancer Cell Int. 2024 Jul 14;24(1):245. doi: 10.1186/s12935-024-03431-0.

BACKGROUND: Emerging studies have shown that long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) 
predominantly function in the carcinogenesis of multiple developing human 
tumors. The current study aimed to investigate the underlying mechanisms of 
LINC00337 in lung adenocarcinoma.
METHODS: We analyzed TCGA and GTEx datasets and chose LINC00337 as the research 
object. Cell proliferation, cell apoptosis, cell cycle, migration, and invasion 
were detected in the gain and loss experiments of LINC00337 both in vitro and in 
vivo. Moreover, RNA pull-down, luciferase reporter assays, western blotting 
analysis, and rescue experiments were performed to investigate the underlying 
molecular mechanisms of LINC00337 function.
RESULTS: LINC00337 expression was remarkably upregulated in lung adenocarcinoma. 
In addition, LINC00337 knockdown was shown to repress cell migration, invasion, 
and proliferation, as well as the cell cycle, and gear up apoptosis in lung 
adenocarcinoma in vitro and in vivo. With respect to the mechanism, LINC00337 
knockdown boosted miR-1285-3p expression and then restrained YTHDF1 expression 
post-transcriptionally. Crucially, both miR-1285-3p decrement and YTHDF1 
overexpression successfully reversed the influence on cell proliferation, 
migration, invasion, and apoptosis caused by LINC00337 shRNA.
CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that LINC00337 acts as an oncogenic lncRNA, 
targeting miR-1285-3p and regulating YTHDF1 expression, to promote the 
progression of lung adenocarcinoma.

© 2021. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1186/s12935-021-02253-8
PMCID: PMC8524958
PMID: 34663343

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interest.


529. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2021 Oct 8;2021:9059116. doi: 10.1155/2021/9059116. 
eCollection 2021.

Identification of Novel Biomarkers Related to Lung Squamous Cell Carcinoma Using 
Integrated Bioinformatics Analysis.

Wang H(1), Huang L(2), Chen L(3), Ji J(4), Zheng Y(5), Wang Z(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Ultrasonography Center, Tai'an City Central Hospital, Tai'an, 
China.
(2)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Shenzhen Bao'an People's Hospital (Group), 
Shenzhen, China.
(3)Department of Vascular, Tai'an City Central Hospital, Tai'an, China.
(4)Department of Geriatrics, Tai'an City Central Hospital, Tai'an, China.
(5)Department of Radiotherapy, Tai'an City Central Hospital, Tai'an, China.
(6)Department of Thoracic Oncology, Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center, 
Guangzhou, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Dec 6;2023:9780526. doi: 10.1155/2023/9780526.

BACKGROUND: Lung squamous cell carcinoma (LUSC) is one of the most common types 
of lung carcinoma and has specific clinicopathologic characteristics. In this 
study, we screened novel molecular biomarkers relevant to the prognosis of LUSC 
to explore new diagnostic and treatment approaches for this disease.
METHODS: We downloaded GSE73402 from the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database. 
GSE73402 contains 62 samples, which could be classified as four subtypes 
according to their pathology and stages. Via weighted gene coexpression network 
analysis (WGCNA), the main module was identified and was further analyzed using 
differentially expressed genes (DEGs) analysis. Then, by protein-protein 
interaction (PPI) network and Gene Expression Profiling Interactive Analysis 
(GEPIA), hub genes were screened for potential biomarkers of LUSC.
RESULTS: Via WGCNA, the yellow module containing 349 genes was identified, and 
it is strongly related to the subtype of CIS (carcinoma in situ). DEGs analysis 
detected 180 genes that expressed differentially between the subtype of CIS and 
subtype of early-stage carcinoma (Stage I and Stage II). A PPI network of DEGs 
was constructed, and the top 20 genes with the highest correlations were 
selected for GEPIA database to explore their effect on LUSC survival prognosis. 
Finally, ITGA5, TUBB3, SCNN1B, and SERPINE1 were screened as hub genes in LUSC.
CONCLUSIONS: ITGA5, TUBB3, SCNN1B, and SERPINE1 may have great diagnostic and 
prognostic significance for LUSC and have great potential to be new treatment 
targets for LUSC.

Copyright © 2021 Haiyan Wang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/9059116
PMCID: PMC8519687
PMID: 34659450 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


530. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Rep. 2021 Oct 15;11(1):16866. doi: 10.1038/s41598-021-96351-2.

Human induced pluripotent stem cell-derived platelets loaded with lapatinib 
effectively target HER2+ breast cancer metastasis to the brain.

Bhan A(1), Ansari K(2)(3), Chen MY(2), Jandial R(2).

Author information:
(1)Division of Neurosurgery, Beckman Research Institute, City of Hope Medical 
Center, 1500 E. Duarte Rd, Duarte, CA, 91010, USA. abhan@coh.org.
(2)Division of Neurosurgery, Beckman Research Institute, City of Hope Medical 
Center, 1500 E. Duarte Rd, Duarte, CA, 91010, USA.
(3)Celcuity LLC, Minneapolis, MN, 55446, USA.

Retraction in
    Sci Rep. 2024 Mar 12;14(1):5972. doi: 10.1038/s41598-024-56291-z.

Comment in
    Fed Regist. 2024 Sep 17;89(180):76121-76123.

Prognosis of patients with HER2+ breast-to-brain-metastasis (BBM) is dismal even 
after current standard-of-care treatments, including surgical resection, 
whole-brain radiation, and systemic chemotherapy. Radiation and systemic 
chemotherapies can also induce cytotoxicity, leading to significant side 
effects. Studies indicate that donor-derived platelets can serve as 
immune-compatible drug carriers that interact with and deliver drugs to cancer 
cells with fewer side effects, making them a promising therapeutic option with 
enhanced antitumor activity. Moreover, human induced pluripotent stem cells 
(hiPSCs) provide a potentially renewable source of clinical-grade transfusable 
platelets that can be drug-loaded to complement the supply of donor-derived 
platelets. Here, we describe methods for ex vivo generation of megakaryocytes 
(MKs) and functional platelets from hiPSCs (hiPSC-platelets) in a scalable 
fashion. We then loaded hiPSC-platelets with lapatinib and infused them into BBM 
tumor-bearing NOD/SCID mouse models. Such treatment significantly increased 
intracellular lapatinib accumulation in BBMs in vivo, potentially via tumor 
cell-induced activation/aggregation. Lapatinib-loaded hiPSC-platelets exhibited 
normal morphology and function and released lapatinib pH-dependently. 
Importantly, lapatinib delivery to BBM cells via hiPSC-platelets inhibited tumor 
growth and prolonged survival of tumor-bearing mice. Overall, use of 
lapatinib-loaded hiPSC-platelets effectively reduced adverse effects of free 
lapatinib and enhanced its therapeutic efficacy, suggesting that they represent 
a novel means to deliver chemotherapeutic drugs as treatment for BBM.

© 2021. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-021-96351-2
PMCID: PMC8521584
PMID: 34654856 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Rahul Jandial is a principal investigator on a 
grant to City of Hope National Medical Center from Department of Defense. City 
of Hope National medical center has pending patent application related to 
findings in this manuscript. The authors Arunoday Bhan, and Rahul Jandial are 
named as inventors in these applications.


531. Cardiooncology. 2021 Oct 13;7(1):35. doi: 10.1186/s40959-021-00121-y.

Sacubitril/valsartan is well tolerated in patients with longstanding heart 
failure and history of cancer and improves ventricular function: real-world 
data.

Frey MK(1), Arfsten H(1), Pavo N(1), Han E(1), Kastl S(1), Hülsmann M(1), 
Gyöngyösi M(1), Bergler-Klein J(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cardiology, Medical University Vienna, Waehringer Guertel 
18-20, 1090, Vienna, Austria.
(2)Department of Cardiology, Medical University Vienna, Waehringer Guertel 
18-20, 1090, Vienna, Austria. jutta.bergler-klein@muv.ac.at.

BACKGROUND: Sacubitril/valsartan has been shown to significantly reduce 
cardiovascular mortality and hospitalizations due to heart failure in patients 
with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF) when compared to enalapril. Data about 
sacubitril/valsartan in patients with a history of cancer are scarce, as these 
patients were excluded from the pivotal trial, PARADIGM-HF. The aim of the 
current study was to assess tolerability of sacubitril/valsartan in patients 
with a history of cancer.
METHODS: We identified 225 patients at our heart failure out-patient unit who 
fulfilled the indication criteria to receive sacubitril/valsartan. Out of these, 
9.3% (n = 21) had a history of histologically confirmed cancer. Oncologic 
surgery was performed in 16 (76.2%) patients, 11 (52.4%) patients received 
previous antineoplastic therapy and 9 patients (42.9%) radiation.
RESULTS: Sacubitril/valsartan was withdrawn in 3 of 21 patients (14.3%) because 
of dizziness (n = 2) or pruritus (n = 1). After a median follow-up of 12 months 
(range 1-34 months), NYHA functional class improved significantly from NYHA 3 to 
NYHA 2 (mean -0.6, p = 0.006) and left ventricular ejection fraction as assessed 
by echocardiography increased significantly from 26.8 ± 5.4% to 39.2 ± 10% 
(mean + 12%, CI 95% [8.4-16.4], p = 0.0004). NT-proBNP was significantly reduced 
(baseline median 2774 pg/ml, range 1441 - 12,982 vs follow-up 1266 pg/ml, range 
199-6324, p = 0.009). There was no significant change in creatinine levels 
(1.18 ± 0.4 vs 1.22 ± 0.4 mg/dl; mean + 0.005 mg/dl, CI 95% [-0.21- 0.12], 
p = 0.566).
CONCLUSIONS: In our pilot study we show that sacubitril/valsartan is generally 
well tolerated in patients with HFrEF and history of cancer. Importantly, even 
patients with long-standing cardiotoxicity induced heart failure can be treated 
and up-titrated with sacubitril/valsartan to usual target dosages, leading to 
improvement in LV function and biomarkers. Larger studies are needed to confirm 
these findings in cancer patients with cardiotoxicity.

© 2021. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1186/s40959-021-00121-y
PMCID: PMC8513362
PMID: 34645527

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


532. Zhonghua Wei Chang Wai Ke Za Zhi. 2021 Mar 25;24(3):240-247. doi: 
10.3760/cma.j.cn.441530-20200530-00326.

[Safety and short-term efficacy of apatinib combined with oxaliplatin and S-1 in 
the conversion treatment for gastric cancer with peritoneal metastasis].

[Article in Chinese; Abstract available in Chinese from the publisher]

Ye ZS(1), Zeng Y(1), Wei SH(1), Wang Y(1), Chen S(1), Lin ZT(1), Wang ZW(1), 
Chen XL(1), Chen LC(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gastrointestinal Surgery, Key Laboratory of Tumor Biological 
Treatment of Fujian Province, Fujian Cancer Hospital & Affiliated Cancer 
Hospital, Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350014, China.

Objective: To investigate the safety and short-term efficacy of apatinib 
combined with oxaliplatin and S-1 in the conversion treatment for gastric cancer 
with different types of peritoneal metastasis. Methods: A prospective study "one 
arm exploratory clinical study of conversion therapy of apatinib with S-1 and 
oxaliplatin in the treatment of advanced gastric cancer" (clinical registration 
ChiCTR-ONC-17010430) from medical record database was retrospectively analyzed. 
Patients aged 18-70 years with gastric cancer peritoneal metastasis confirmed by 
histology and laparoscopic exploration, and had not receive radiotherapy, 
chemotherapy, targeted therapy or immunotherapy before were enrolled. Before 
operation, the patients received 6 cycles of S-1 (80-120 mg/d, d1-d14) and 
oxaliplatin (130 mg/m(2), d1), and 5 cycles of apatinib (500 mg/d, d1-d21) 
conversion regimen. Three weeks after chemotherapy, whether the operation was 
performed or not depending on re-evaluation and patient preference. The main 
outcome were adverse reactions, and the secondary outcome were objective 
remission rate (ORR), disease control rate (DCR), and overall survival (OS) 
rate. The follow-up period was up to May 2020. Results: A total of 27 patients 
with gastric cancer peritoneal metastasis were enrolled in this study. There 
were 13 males and 14 females, with a median age of 58 (30-68) years old. There 
were 9 cases of P1a, 5 cases of P1b, and 13 cases of P1c. There were 14 cases 
with 1-5 scores of PCI (peritoneal cancer index), and 13 cases with 6 scores or 
above. The incidence of adverse reactions was 100%. The most common adverse 
reactions were hematological events including leucopenia (70.4%, 19/27) and 
granulocytopenia (74.1%, 20/27). Non-hematological adverse events included 
fatigue (51.9%, 14/27) and oral mucositis (37.0%, 10/27). One patient was 
withdrawn due to grade 4 thrombocytopenia. Among 26 patients with feasible 
efficacy evaluation, 18 (69.2%) achieved partial remission, 3 (11.5%) achieved 
stable disease, and 5 (19.2%) disease progression. The objective remission rate 
was 69.2% (18/26) and the disease control rate was 80.8% (21/26). Fourteen 
patients underwent surgery, including 6 patients undergoing R0 resection with 
the R0 resection rate of 42.9% (6/14). The postoperative pathological response 
rate was 64.3% (9/14). The follow-up time was 12-40 months, and the follow-up 
rate was 100%. The 1-year OS rate was 65.2% and the survival time was (14.0±1.7) 
months. The 1-year OS rates of P1a/P1b group and P1c group were 81.8% and 42.0% 
respectively, whose difference was statistically significant (P=0.041). The 
1-year OS rates of PCI 1-5 group and PCI ≥6 group were 67.3% and 38.5% 
respectively, whose difference was statistically significant (P=0.022). 
Conclusion: In the conversion treatment of gastric cancer peritoneal metastasis, 
the safety of apatinib combined with oxaliplatin and S-1 is acceptable, and this 
regimen shows a good short-term survival efficacy in patients with P1a/P1b and 
PCI of 1-5.

Publisher: 目的： 探讨阿帕替尼联合奥沙利铂和替吉奥在胃癌腹膜转移转化治疗中的安全性和近期疗效。 方法： 
回顾性分析"甲磺酸阿帕替尼联合替吉奥及奥沙利铂转化治疗晚期胃癌的单臂探索性临床研究"（中国临床试验注册号：ChiCTR-ONC-17010430）的前瞻性研究病例数据库，纳入18~70岁，经组织学及腹腔镜探查证实为胃癌腹膜转移，治疗前未接受放疗、化疗、靶向治疗或免疫治疗的患者。入组患者术前接受6个周期的替吉奥（80~120 
mg/d，d1~14）和奥沙利铂（130 mg/m(2)，d1）以及5周期的阿帕替尼（500 
mg/d，d1~21）转化方案治疗，化疗结束后3周，结合评估结果和患者意愿决定是否进行手术。主要观察指标为转化治疗的不良反应情况，次要观察指标为客观缓解率、疾病控制率和总体生存率（OS）。随访时间截至2020年5月。 
结果： 本研究共纳入胃癌腹膜转移患者27例，男性13例，女性14例，中位年龄为58岁（30~68岁），腹膜转移分型P1a 9例，P1b 5例，P1c 
13例，腹膜癌指数（PCI）1~5分共14例，≥6分者13例。化疗不良反应的发生率为100%，最常见的血液学不良反应事件是白细胞减少（70.4%，19/27）和粒细胞减少（74.1%，20/27）；非血液学不良反应事件为疲乏（51.9%，14/27）和口腔黏膜炎（37.0%，10/27）；1例因4级血小板减少退组。26例可行疗效评估的患者中，18例（69.2%）获得部分缓解，3例（11.5%）获得疾病稳定，5例（19.2%）疾病进展，客观缓解率为69.2%（18/26），疾病控制率为80.8%（21/26）。14例患者接受手术，6例行R(0)切除，R(0)切除率42.9%（6/14）。术后病理反应率为64.3%（9/14）。随访时间12~40个月，随访率为100%。全组患者1年OS为65.2%，生存时间为（14.0±1.7）个月。P1a/P1b与P1c患者1年OS分别为81.8%与42.0%，差异有统计学意义（P=0.041）。PCI评分1~5分与≥6分的患者1年OS分别为67.3%与38.5%，差异有统计学意义（P=0.022）。 
结论： 在胃癌腹膜转移患者中，阿帕替尼联合奥沙利铂和替吉奥转化治疗方案的安全性可接受，且在P1a/P1b及PCI评分1~5分的患者中显示出良好的近期生存获益。.

DOI: 10.3760/cma.j.cn.441530-20200530-00326
PMID: 34645168 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


533. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Molecules. 2021 Oct 2;26(19):5997. doi: 10.3390/molecules26195997.

Potential Role of Natural Products to Combat Radiotherapy and Their Future 
Perspectives.

Akter R(1)(2), Najda A(3), Rahman MH(2)(4), Shah M(5)(6), Wesołowska S(7), 
Hassan SSU(8), Mubin S(9), Bibi P(5), Saeeda S(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pharmacy, Jagannath University, Dhaka 1100, Bangladesh.
(2)Department of Global Medical Science, Wonju College of Medicine, Yonsei 
University, Gangwon-do, Wonju 26426, Korea.
(3)Department of Vegetable and Herbal Crops, University of Life Sciences in 
Lublin, 50A Doświadczalna Street, 20-280 Lublin, Poland.
(4)Department of Pharmacy, Southeast University, Banani Street, Dhaka 1213, 
Bangladesh.
(5)Department of Botany, Abdul Wali Khan University Mardan, Mardan 23200, 
Pakistan.
(6)Natural and Medical Sciences Research Center, University of Nizwa, Nizwa 616, 
Oman.
(7)Institute of Soil Science and Environment Shaping, University of Life 
Sciences in Lublin, 7 Leszczyńskiego Street, 20-069 Lublin, Poland.
(8)Shanghai Key Laboratory for Molecular Engineering of Chiral Drugs, School of 
Pharmacy, Shanghai JiaoTong University, Shanghai 200240, China.
(9)Department of Botany, Hazara University Mansehra, Mansehra 21310, Pakistan.

Retraction in
    Molecules. 2023 Dec 14;28(24):8091. doi: 10.3390/molecules28248091.

Cancer is the second leading cause of death in the world. Chemotherapy and 
radiotherapy (RT) are the common cancer treatments. In addition to these 
limitations, the development of adverse effects from chemotherapy and RT reduces 
the quality of life for cancer patients. Cellular radiosensitivity, or the 
ability to resist and overcome cell damage caused by ionizing radiation (IR), is 
directly related to cancer cells' response to RT. Therefore, radiobiological 
research is emphasizing chemical compounds 'radiosensitization of cancer cells 
so that they are more reactive in the IR spectrum. Recent years researchers have 
seen an increase in interest in natural products that have antitumor effects 
with minimal side effects. Natural products, on the other hand, are easy to 
recover and therefore less expensive. There have been several scientific studies 
done based on these compounds that have tested their ability in vitro and in 
vivo to induce tumor radiosensitization. The role of natural products in RT, as 
well as their usefulness and potential applications, is the goal of this current 
review.

DOI: 10.3390/molecules26195997
PMCID: PMC8512367
PMID: 34641542 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The author declares that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as potential conflicts of interest.


534. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2021 Sep 30;2021:3291762. doi: 10.1155/2021/3291762. eCollection 
2021.

Effect of Tumor Microenvironment and Angiogenesis on Clinical Outcomes of 
Primary Central Nervous System Lymphoma.

Wang HC(1)(2)(3), Hsiao HH(2)(3), Du JS(1)(2), Cho SF(2)(3), Yeh TJ(1)(2), Gau 
YC(1)(2), Liu YC(2)(3), Moi SH(4).

Author information:
(1)Graduate Institute of Clinical Medicine, College of Medicine, Kaohsiung 
Medical University, Kaohsiung 807, Taiwan.
(2)Division of Hematology and Oncology, Department of Internal Medicine, 
Kaohsiung Medical University Hospital, Kaohsiung Medical University, Kaohsiung 
807, Taiwan.
(3)Faculty of Medicine, College of Medicine, Kaohsiung Medical University, 
Kaohsiung 807, Taiwan.
(4)Center of Cancer Program Development, E-Da Cancer Hospital, I-Shou 
University, Kaohsiung 824, Taiwan.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2024 Mar 20;2024:9763703. doi: 10.1155/2024/9763703.

Primary central nervous system lymphoma (PCNSL) is a rare lymphoma, and the 
disease course is often aggressive with poor prognosis outcomes. PCNSL undergoes 
germinal center reactions and impairs B-cell maturation. However, angiogenesis 
is also involved in the tumorigenesis and progression of PCNSL. This study 
investigated the effects of the tumor microenvironment and 
angiogenesis-associated genomic alterations on the outcomes of PCNSL. The 
analysis also evaluated the influence of treatment modality and timing on PCNSL 
survival using partial least squares variance-based path modeling (PLS-PM). 
PLS-PM can be used to evaluate the complex relationship between prognostic 
variables and disease outcomes with a small sample of measurements and 
structural models. A total of 19 immunocompetent PCNSL samples were analyzed by 
exome sequencing. Our results suggest that the timing of radiotherapy and 
mutations of ROBO1 and KAT2B are potential indicators of PCNSL outcomes and may 
be affected by baseline characteristics such as age and sex. Our results also 
showed that patients with no mutations of ROBO1 and KAT2B, SubRT subgroup showed 
favorable survival outcomes compared with no SubRT subgroup in short-term 
follow-up. All SubRT patients have received high-dose methotrexate induction 
chemotherapy in the initial treatment. Therefore, initial induction chemotherapy 
combined with subsequent radiotherapy might improve survival outcomes in PCNSL 
patients who have no ROBO1 and KAT2B somatic mutations in short-term follow-up. 
The overall findings suggest that the tumor microenvironment and 
angiogenesis-associated genomic alterations and treatment modalities are 
potential indicators of overall survival and may be affected by the baseline 
characteristics of PCNSL patients.

Copyright © 2021 Hui-Ching Wang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/3291762
PMCID: PMC8497102
PMID: 34631879 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there is no conflict of 
interest regarding the publication of this paper.


535. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncol Lett. 2021 Nov;22(5):802. doi: 10.3892/ol.2021.13063. Epub 2021 Sep 23.

Long non-coding RNA NEAT1 promotes the malignancy of laryngeal squamous cell 
carcinoma by regulating the microRNA-204-5p/SEMA4B axis.

Han L(1), Zheng C(1), Wu S(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, Shenzhen People's Hospital, The Second 
Clinical Medical College of Jinan University, The First Affiliated Hospital of 
Southern University of Science and Technology, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518020, P.R. 
China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Shenzhen People's Hospital, The Second 
Clinical Medical College of Jinan University, The First Affiliated Hospital of 
Southern University of Science and Technology, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518020, P.R. 
China.

Retraction in
    Oncol Lett. 2023 Nov 13;27(1):15. doi: 10.3892/ol.2023.14148.

Laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma (LSCC) is a highly invasive malignant tumor in 
the head and neck area. As an oncogene, long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) nuclear 
enriched abundant transcript 1 (NEAT1) promotes cell proliferation, migration 
and invasion several types of cancer. The present study aimed to reveal the 
effects of NEAT1 on the progression of LSCC. Reverse transcription-quantitative 
PCR (RT-qPCR) was used to detect relative mRNA expression levels of NEAT1, 
microRNA (miR)-204-5p and semaphorin (SEMA) 4B. Kaplan-Meier analysis was used 
to analyze overall survival times. RNA in-situ hybridization (ISH) exhibited the 
distribution of NEAT1 and miR-204-5p in tissues. RNA fluorescence ISH was used 
to analyze the distribution of NEAT1 and miR-204-5p in the cells. Western blot 
analysis was used to detect the expression level of target proteins. Cell 
viability was analyzed using a MTT assay, while flow cytometry was used to 
determine cell apoptosis. Wound healing and Transwell invasion assays were used 
to value cell migration and invasion, respectively. RNA immunoprecipitation 
assay, bioinformatics prediction and a dual luciferase reporter assay were used 
to analyze the target relationship. The RT-qPCR results showed that NEAT1 was 
highly expressed and miR-204-5p had decreased expression in LSCC tissues and 
cells compared with that in the normal tissue and the 16HBE-14o cell line, 
respectively. Knockdown of NEAT1 using small interfering (si) RNA and 
overexpressed miR-204-5p both effectively inhibited the proliferation, migration 
and invasion of LSCC cells. Besides, further experiments revealed that 
miR-204-5p was a target of NEAT1. At the same time, silenced miR-204-5p reversed 
the anti-tumor effects of si-NEAT1. In addition, SEMA4B was targeted by 
miR-204-5p in LSCC cells and upregulated SEMA4B weakened the antitumor effects 
of miR-204-5p in LSCC cells. NEAT1 regulated the expression of SEMA4B by 
targeting miR-204-5p in LSCC cells. Overall, NEAT1 promoted the proliferation 
and invasion of LSCC cells by regulating the miR-204-5p/SEMA4B axis.

Copyright: © Han et al.

DOI: 10.3892/ol.2021.13063
PMCID: PMC8477075
PMID: 34630709

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


536. Oncol Rep. 2021 Dec;46(6):251. doi: 10.3892/or.2021.8202. Epub 2021 Oct 7.

[Retracted] Knockdown of CREB1 inhibits tumor growth of human gastric cancer 
in vitro and in vivo.

Rao M(1), Zhu Y(2), Cong X(3), Li Q(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gastroenterology, The First Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, Jilin 130021, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, Jilin 130033, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Gastroenterology, The People's Hospital of Jilin Province, 
Changchun, Jilin 130021, P.R. China.

Retraction of
    Oncol Rep. 2017 Jun;37(6):3361-3368. doi: 10.3892/or.2017.5636.

Following the publication of this paper, it was drawn to the Editors' attention 
by a concerned reader that the western blotting assay data shown in Fig. 2B were 
strikingly similar to data appearing in different form in other articles by 
different authors. Owing to the fact that the contentious data in the above 
article had already been published elsewhere, or were already under 
consideration for publication, prior to its submission to Oncology Reports, the 
Editor has decided that this paper should be retracted from the Journal. After 
having been in contact with the authors, they agreed with the decision to 
retract the paper. The Editor apologizes to the readership for any inconvenience 
caused. [the original article was published in Oncology Reports 37: 3361‑3368, 
2017; DOI: 10.3892/or.2017.5636].

DOI: 10.3892/or.2021.8202
PMCID: PMC8524313
PMID: 34617576


537. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2021 Sep 27;2021:8635381. doi: 10.1155/2021/8635381. eCollection 
2021.

The Functionalities and Clinical Significance of Tumor-Infiltrating Immune Cells 
in Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma.

Zhang J(1), Wang H(2), Wu H(3), Qiang G(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Feicheng Hospital Affiliated to Shandong 
First Medical University, Shandong Province, China.
(2)Department of Thoracic Surgery, No.1 People's Hospital of Ningyang County, 
Shandong Province, China.
(3)Oncology Department, No.1 People's Hospital of Ningyang County, Shandong 
Province, China.
(4)Department of Thoracic Surgery, China-Japan Friendship Hospital, Chaoyang 
District, Beijing, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2024 Mar 20;2024:9858395. doi: 10.1155/2024/9858395.

Tumor-infiltrating immune cells have been implicated in the tumorigenesis and 
progression of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC). However, the 
functionalities and clinical significance of immune cells remain largely 
unveiled. In this study, the gene expression data from the Cancer Genome Atlas 
(TCGA) and Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) were extracted. The relative 
infiltrating levels were estimated by single-sample gene set enrichment 
analysis. Some cytotoxic immune cells were attenuated, and resting cytotoxic 
immune cells were accumulated in ESCC. Remarkably, we also observed that 
infiltrating levels of macrophage M2 and resting natural killer (NK) cells were 
increased in nonresponders of CRT, and T cells that had anticancer activities 
such as activated memory CD4 and T helper 2 (Th2) cells were significantly 
reduced in ESCC tissues of the nonresponders. Moreover, the high infiltrations 
of the resting natural killer (NK) and dendritic cell (DC) were observed to 
result in a shorter overall survival in ESCC. Consistently, high expression of 
immune checkpoint genes, CTLA4 and HAVCR2, was associated with poor prognosis. 
Furthermore, STAT5B, a key transcription factor, as well as its target genes, 
involved in the regulation of T cells, was significantly downregulated in ESCC, 
especially subgroup I, indicating that downregulation of STAT5B might be 
associated with reduced T cell-mediated anticancer activity. In conclusion, the 
present study significantly improved our understanding of the regulatory roles 
of immune cells in ESCC.

Copyright © 2021 Jishuai Zhang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/8635381
PMCID: PMC8490060
PMID: 34616847 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


538. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Pharmgenomics Pers Med. 2021 Sep 28;14:1239-1245. doi: 10.2147/PGPM.S325895. 
eCollection 2021.

FTO Gene Polymorphisms Contribute to the Predisposition and Radiotherapy 
Efficiency of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma.

Xiao F(1), Zhou J(1).

Author information:
(1)School of Nursing, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, 400016, People's 
Republic of China.

Retraction in
    Pharmgenomics Pers Med. 2021 Dec 07;14:1601-1602. doi: 10.2147/PGPM.S352184.

BACKGROUND: Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is mainly concentrated in East and 
Southeast Asia. This study aims to elucidate the potential associations of 
functional SNPs in the fat mass and obesity associated gene (FTO) with NPC risk 
and radiotherapy outcomes in a Chinese population.
METHODS: Functional SNP rs1477196 G>A, rs9939609 T>A, rs7206790 C>G, and 
rs8047395 A>G were genotyped and evaluated for their associations with NPC risk 
and radiotherapy outcomes.
RESULTS: Both rs9939609 (allele A versus allele T: OR=1.59; 95% CI=1.17-2.17; 
P-value=0.003) and rs8047395 (allele G versus allele A: OR=0.76; 95% 
CI=0.64-0.9; P-value=0.002) were significantly associated with risk of NPC. GTEx 
showed risk allele A of rs9939609 and rs8047395 were significantly associated 
with higher FTO mRNA levels in skeletal muscle tissue, which also corroborated 
our findings. Meanwhile, both rs1477196 (allele A versus allele G: OR=1.64; 95% 
CI=1.09-2.49; P-value=0.019) and rs9939609 (allele A versus allele T: OR=0.61; 
95% CI=0.43-0.87; P-value=0.006) were significantly associated with complete 
remission (CR) of NPC.
CONCLUSION: Our study identified that FTO polymorphisms contributed to the 
susceptibility and radiotherapy efficacy of NPC. These results shed light on the 
potential of establishing markers for predicting risk and personalized treatment 
of NPC.

© 2021 Xiao and Zhou.

DOI: 10.2147/PGPM.S325895
PMCID: PMC8487284
PMID: 34611423

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


539. Aesthetic Plast Surg. 2022 Oct;46(5):2164-2173. doi: 10.1007/s00266-021-02615-7. 
Epub 2021 Oct 1.

Delayed Mastopexy Following Breast-Conserving Surgery and Radiation Therapy: A 
Case-Control Study to Evaluate Safety and Versatility of the Central Mound 
Technique.

Tenna S(1), Morelli Coppola M(2), Salzillo R(1), Barone M(1), Brunetti B(1), 
Cagli B(1), Cogliandro A(1), Persichetti P(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgery, Campus 
Bio-Medico University, Via Alvaro del Portillo 200, 00128, Rome, Italy.
(2)Department of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgery, Campus 
Bio-Medico University, Via Alvaro del Portillo 200, 00128, Rome, Italy. 
m.morellicoppola@gmail.com.

INTRODUCTION: Breast remodeling following breast-conserving surgery (BCS) and 
radiation therapy (RT) is challenging and often burdened by complications due to 
irradiated tissue atrophy. The authors present a case-control study to compare 
the central mound mastopexy (CMM) to more conventional techniques, applying it 
to different patterns of skin excision.
METHODS: A variation of the original central mound technique is presented 
separately addressing glandular and cutaneous deformities. Between 2012 and 
2018, 17 consecutive patients presenting defects following unilateral BCS and RT 
underwent breast remodeling with CMM technique. Immediate and long-term 
complications together with patient-reported outcomes were evaluated and 
compared to a matched control group of sixteen patients who underwent superior 
pedicle mammoplasty. Two independent plastic surgeons reviewed pre- and 
postoperative photographs and rated the cosmetic outcomes on a visual analog 
scale from 1 to 5.
RESULTS: In the study group, different patterns of skin excision, i.e., 
inverted-T pattern (41.2%), circumareolar (23.5%), skin-sparing type V (17.65%), 
omega (11.77%), and J (5.88%), were used to correct various breast deformities, 
and a decisional algorithm was developed. No major complications were 
registered. Retraction recurrence rate was higher in the control group (p = 
0.037). Cosmetic results were considered more satisfying in the CMM group by 
both patients (4.18 vs 3.00, p&lt;0.001) and surgeons (4.06 vs 2.69, p=0.001).
CONCLUSIONS: The CMM technique is an advanced approach that addresses breast 
remodeling after BCS-RT surgery yielding reliable results. Following our 
algorithm, several patterns of skin excision, tailored to pre-existing scars, 
can be considered and safely performed.
LEVEL OF EVIDENCE IV: This journal requires that authors assign a level of 
evidence to each article. For a full description of these Evidence-Based 
Medicine ratings, please refer to the Table of Contents or the online 
Instructions to Authors www.springer.com/00266 .

© 2021. Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature and 
International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery.

DOI: 10.1007/s00266-021-02615-7
PMID: 34599353 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


540. J Exp Clin Cancer Res. 2021 Sep 30;40(1):309. doi: 10.1186/s13046-021-02113-3.

Retraction Note: MicroRNA-506 inhibits tumor growth and metastasis in 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma through the inactivation of the Wnt/β-catenin signaling 
pathway by downregulating LHX2.

Liang TS(#)(1), Zheng YJ(#)(1), Wang J(1), Zhao JY(1), Yang DK(2), Liu ZS(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengdong Branch, Zhengzhou, 475000, Henan Province, People's 
Republic of China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengdong Branch, Zhengzhou, 475000, Henan Province, People's 
Republic of China. yangdaokedr@163.com.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengdong Branch, Zhengzhou, 475000, Henan Province, People's 
Republic of China. liu_zhangsuo@yeah.net.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction of
    J Exp Clin Cancer Res. 2019 Feb 21;38(1):97. doi: 10.1186/s13046-019-1023-4.

DOI: 10.1186/s13046-021-02113-3
PMCID: PMC8485492
PMID: 34592999


541. Cell Rep. 2021 Sep 28;36(13):109758. doi: 10.1016/j.celrep.2021.109758.

A cell-type-specific atlas of the inner ear transcriptional response to acoustic 
trauma.

Milon B(1), Shulman ED(2), So KS(3), Cederroth CR(4), Lipford EL(1), Sperber 
M(2), Sellon JB(3), Sarlus H(5), Pregernig G(3), Shuster B(1), Song Y(6), Mitra 
S(1), Orvis J(6), Margulies Z(1), Ogawa Y(1), Shults C(1), Depireux DA(7), 
Palermo AT(3), Canlon B(8), Burns J(3), Elkon R(9), Hertzano R(10).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otorhinolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery, University of 
Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA.
(2)Department of Human Molecular Genetics and Biochemistry, Sackler School of 
Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.
(3)Decibel Therapeutics, Boston, MA 02215, USA.
(4)Laboratory of Experimental Audiology, Department of Physiology and 
Pharmacology, Karolinska Institute, 171 77 Stockholm, Sweden; Hearing Sciences, 
Division of Clinical Neuroscience, School of Medicine, University of Nottingham, 
Nottingham NG7 2UH, UK.
(5)Laboratory of Experimental Audiology, Department of Physiology and 
Pharmacology, Karolinska Institute, 171 77 Stockholm, Sweden; Applied Immunology 
& Immunotherapy, Neuroimmunology Unit, Department of Clinical Neuroscience, 
Center for Molecular Medicine, Karolinska University Hospital, 171 77 Stockholm, 
Sweden.
(6)Institute for Genome Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, 
Baltimore, MD 21201, USA.
(7)Otolith Labs, Washington, DC 20009, USA.
(8)Laboratory of Experimental Audiology, Department of Physiology and 
Pharmacology, Karolinska Institute, 171 77 Stockholm, Sweden.
(9)Department of Human Molecular Genetics and Biochemistry, Sackler School of 
Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel. Electronic address: 
ranel@tauex.tau.ac.il.
(10)Department of Otorhinolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery, University of 
Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA; Institute for Genome 
Sciences, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA; 
Department of Anatomy and Neurobiology, University of Maryland School of 
Medicine, Baltimore, MD 21201, USA. Electronic address: 
rhertzano@som.umaryland.edu.

Noise-induced hearing loss (NIHL) results from a complex interplay of damage to 
the sensory cells of the inner ear, dysfunction of its lateral wall, axonal 
retraction of type 1C spiral ganglion neurons, and activation of the immune 
response. We use RiboTag and single-cell RNA sequencing to survey the 
cell-type-specific molecular landscape of the mouse inner ear before and after 
noise trauma. We identify induction of the transcription factors STAT3 and IRF7 
and immune-related genes across all cell-types. Yet, cell-type-specific 
transcriptomic changes dominate the response. The ATF3/ATF4 stress-response 
pathway is robustly induced in the type 1A noise-resilient neurons, potassium 
transport genes are downregulated in the lateral wall, mRNA metabolism genes are 
downregulated in outer hair cells, and deafness-associated genes are 
downregulated in most cell types. This transcriptomic resource is available via 
the Gene Expression Analysis Resource (gEAR; https://umgear.org/NIHL) and 
provides a blueprint for the rational development of drugs to prevent and treat 
NIHL.

Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.celrep.2021.109758
PMCID: PMC8709734
PMID: 34592158 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests K.S.S., J.B.S., G.P., 
A.T.P., and J.B. are employees of Decibel Therapeutics. The data presented in 
this manuscript are registered for pending U.S. Provisional Patent Application, 
number: 63/151,249, title: “System and Methods for Cell Type-Specific Atlas for 
the Inner Ear Transcriptional Response to Acoustic Trauma,” and UMB docket 
number: RH-2021-073.


542. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Rep. 2021 Sep 29;11(1):19399. doi: 10.1038/s41598-021-98881-1.

A numerical study of chemical reaction in a nanofluid flow due to rotating disk 
in the presence of magnetic field.

Ramzan M(1)(2), Khan NS(1)(2)(3), Kumam P(4)(5)(6), Khan R(7).

Author information:
(1)KMUTTFixed Point Research Laboratory, Room SCL 802 Fixed Point Laboratory, 
Science Laboratory Building, Department of Mathematics, Faculty of Science, King 
Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi (KMUTT), Bangkok, 10140, Thailand.
(2)Center of Excellence in Theoretical and Computational Science (TaCS-CoE), 
Science Laboratory Building, Faculty of Science, King Mongkut's University of 
Technology Thonburi (KMUTT), 126 Pracha-Uthit Road, Bang Mod, Thung Khru, 
Bangkok, 10140, Thailand.
(3)Division of Science and Technology, Department of Mathematics, University of 
Education, Lahore, 54000, Pakistan.
(4)KMUTTFixed Point Research Laboratory, Room SCL 802 Fixed Point Laboratory, 
Science Laboratory Building, Department of Mathematics, Faculty of Science, King 
Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi (KMUTT), Bangkok, 10140, Thailand. 
poom.kum@kmutt.ac.th.
(5)Center of Excellence in Theoretical and Computational Science (TaCS-CoE), 
Science Laboratory Building, Faculty of Science, King Mongkut's University of 
Technology Thonburi (KMUTT), 126 Pracha-Uthit Road, Bang Mod, Thung Khru, 
Bangkok, 10140, Thailand. poom.kum@kmutt.ac.th.
(6)Department of Medical Research, China Medical University Hospital, China 
Medical University, Taichung, 40402, Taiwan. poom.kum@kmutt.ac.th.
(7)Department of Mathematics, FATA University, Darra Adam Khel, FR Kohat, 
Pakistan.

Retraction in
    Sci Rep. 2023 May 10;13(1):7605. doi: 10.1038/s41598-023-34630-w.

In this paper, a numerical study of MHD steady flow due to a rotating disk with 
mixed convection, Darcy Forchheimer's porous media, thermal radiation, and heat 
generation/absorption effects are explored. A strong magnetic field is applied 
in perpendicular direction to the flow which governs the Hall current effects. 
Homogeneous and heterogeneous reactions are also taken into account. For the 
simplification of partial differential equations (PDEs) into the nonlinear 
ordinary differential equations (ODEs), the method of generalized Von Karman 
similarity transformations is employed, and the resulting non-dimensional 
ordinary differential equations are solved by using the homotopy analysis method 
(HAM). Effects of different parameters on the axial, radial and tangential 
velocity profiles, temperature and concentration of chemical reaction profiles 
are analyzed and discussed. The present work's remarkable finding is that with 
the expansion of nanoparticles size, dimensionless constant parameter, local 
Grashof number, porosity parameter, Hall current, and suction parameter, the 
nanofluid radial velocity is enhanced. For the higher values of magnetic field 
parameter, the tangential velocity and nanofluid temperature are enhanced. The 
magnetic field parameter and the disk thickness coefficient parameter have 
similar impacts on the axial velocity profile. Heterogeneous chemical reaction 
parameter decreases the concentration of chemical reaction profile. The 
nanoparticles volume fraction increases the concentration of chemical reaction 
profile. Furthermore, the present results are found to be in excellent agreement 
with previously published work in tabulated form.

© 2021. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-021-98881-1
PMCID: PMC8481245
PMID: 34588553

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


543. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Free Radic Biol Med. 2021 Nov 20;176:118-119. doi: 
10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2021.09.011. Epub 2021 Sep 26.

Corrigendum to "Inhibition of CaMKII in mitochondria preserves endothelial 
barrier function after irradiation" [146, January (2020) 287-298].

Roy SJ(1), Koval OM(1), Sebag SC(1), Ait-Aissa K(1), Allen BG(2), Spitz DR(2), 
Grumbach IM(3).

Author information:
(1)Abboud Cardiovascular Research Center, Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, 
Department of Internal Medicine, University of Iowa, 169 Newton Rd., 4336 PBDB, 
Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA.
(2)Free Radical and Radiation Biology Program, Department of Radiation Oncology, 
Holden Comprehensive Cancer Center, B180 Medical Laboratories, University of 
Iowa, Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA.
(3)Abboud Cardiovascular Research Center, Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, 
Department of Internal Medicine, University of Iowa, 169 Newton Rd., 4336 PBDB, 
Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA; Free Radical and Radiation Biology Program, 
Department of Radiation Oncology, Holden Comprehensive Cancer Center, B180 
Medical Laboratories, University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA; Veterans 
Affairs Health Care System, 601 Hwy 6 West, Iowa City, IA, 52246, USA. 
Electronic address: Isabella-grumbach@uiowa.edu.

Retraction in
    Free Radic Biol Med. 2022 Aug 1;188:468. doi: 
10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2022.06.012.

Erratum for
    Free Radic Biol Med. 2020 Jan;146:287-298. doi: 
10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2019.11.012.

DOI: 10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2021.09.011
PMID: 34587565


544. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Oncol. 2021 Sep 13;2021:5212721. doi: 10.1155/2021/5212721. eCollection 2021.

Yap-Hippo Signaling Activates Mitochondrial Protection and Sustains Breast 
Cancer Viability under Hypoxic Stress.

Shi C(1), Zhang S(1), Guo C(1), Tie J(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Key Laboratory of Carcinogenesis and 
Translational Research (Ministry of Education/Beijing), Peking University Cancer 
Hospital and Institute, Beijing 100142, China.

Retraction in
    J Oncol. 2023 Oct 11;2023:9814758. doi: 10.1155/2023/9814758.

Yes-associated protein (Yap) is a transcriptional regulator that upregulates 
oncogenes and downregulates tumor repressor genes. In this study, we analyzed 
protein expression, RNA transcription, and signaling pathways to determine the 
function and mechanism of Yap in breast cancer survival during hypoxic stress. 
Yap transcription was drastically upregulated by hypoxia in a time-dependent 
manner. siRNA-mediated Yap knockdown attenuated breast cancer viability and 
impaired cell proliferation under hypoxic conditions. Yap knockdown induced 
mitochondrial stress, including mitochondrial membrane potential reduction, 
mitochondrial oxidative stress, and ATP exhaustion after exposure to hypoxia. It 
also repressed mitochondrial protective systems, including mitophagy and 
mitochondrial fusion upon exposure to hypoxia. Finally, our data showed that Yap 
knockdown suppresses MCF-7 cell migration by inhibiting F-actin transcription 
and promoting lamellipodium degradation under hypoxic stress. Taken together, 
Yap maintenance of mitochondrial function and activation of 
F-actin/lamellipodium signaling is required for breast cancer survival, 
migration, and proliferation under hypoxic stress.

Copyright © 2021 Chen Shi et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/5212721
PMCID: PMC8463197
PMID: 34567116

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest.


545. Blood Adv. 2022 Jan 11;6(1):46-61. doi: 10.1182/bloodadvances.2021004572.

The binding of autotaxin to integrins mediates hyperhomocysteinemia-potentiated 
platelet activation and thrombosis in mice and humans.

Han L(1)(2), Miao Y(1)(3), Zhao Y(4), Zhang X(5), Ma X(1)(2), Du X(1)(2), Kong 
W(1)(2), Xu Q(6), Liu J(7), Dai K(8)(9), Feng J(1)(2), Wang X(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Physiology and Pathophysiology, School of Basic Medical 
Sciences, Peking University.
(2)Key Laboratory of Molecular Cardiovascular Science, Ministry of Education, 
Beijing, People's Republic of China.
(3)Clinical Laboratory, Beijing Chao-Yang Hospital, Capital Medical University, 
Beijing, People's Republic of China.
(4)Department of Laboratory Medicine, Peking University Third Hospital, Beijing, 
People's Republic of China.
(5)Key Laboratory of Genetic Network Biology, Institute of Genetics and 
Developmental Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, People's Republic 
of China.
(6)Cardiovascular Division, British Heart Foundation (BHF) Center for Vascular 
Regeneration, King's College London, London, United Kingdom.
(7)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Cell Biology, Shanghai Jiao Tong 
University School of Medicine, Shanghai, People's Republic of China.
(8)Jiangsu Institute of Hematology, The First Affiliated Hospital and 
Collaborative Innovation Center of Hematology, State Key Laboratory of Radiation 
Medicine and Protection, Soochow University; and.
(9)Key Laboratory of Thrombosis and Hemostasis, Ministry of Health, Suzhou, 
People's Republic of China.

Hyperhomocysteinemia (HHcy) is associated with an exaggerated platelet 
thrombotic response at sites of vascular injury. In this study, human medical 
examination showed that elevated human plasma Hcy levels correlated positively 
with enhanced blood coagulation and platelet activity, suggesting that humans 
with HHcy are more prone to thrombus formation at the sites of vascular injury. 
Accordingly, we observed accelerated platelet activation, primary hemostasis, 
and thrombus formation in apolipoprotein E-deficient (ApoE-/-) mice with acute 
or chronic HHcy. Upon homocysteine (Hcy) administration in C57BL/6J mice, 
platelet aggregation, spreading and clot retraction were markedly induced. More 
important, Hcy increased the affinity of platelet integrin αIIbβ3 with ligands 
and enhanced integrin outside-in signaling by promoting membrane 
phosphatidylserine exposure in vitro. Mechanistically, lipidomics analysis 
showed that lysophosphatidylcholines were the primary metabolites leading to 
clustering of HHcy-stimulated platelets. Cytosolic phospholipase A2 (cPLA2) 
activity and autotaxin (ATX, a secreted lysophospholipase D) secretion were 
upregulated by Hcy, leading to membrane phospholipid hydrolysis and PS exposure. 
Moreover, secreted ATX directly interacted with integrin β3. Inhibitors of cPLA2 
and ATX activity blocked integrin αIIbβ3 outside-in signaling and thrombosis in 
HHcy ApoE-/- mice. In this study, we identified a novel mechanism by which HHcy 
promotes platelet membrane phospholipid catabolism and extracellular ATX 
secretion to activate integrin outside-in signaling, consequently exacerbating 
thrombosis and the results revealed an innovative approach to treating 
HHcy-related thrombotic diseases.

© 2021 by The American Society of Hematology. Licensed under Creative Commons 
Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International (CC BY-NC-ND 4.0), 
permitting only noncommercial, nonderivative use with attribution. All other 
rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1182/bloodadvances.2021004572
PMCID: PMC8753216
PMID: 34559203 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


546. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2021 Sep 10;2021:9975762. doi: 10.1155/2021/9975762. eCollection 
2021.

InNetGAN: Inception Network-Based Generative Adversarial Network for Denoising 
Low-Dose Computed Tomography.

Kulathilake KASH(1)(2), Abdullah NA(1), Bandara AMRR(3), Lai KW(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Computer System and Technology, Faculty of Computer Science and 
Information Technology, Universiti Malaya, 50603 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
(2)Department of Computing, Faculty of Applied Sciences, Rajarata University of 
Sri Lanka, Mihintale, Sri Lanka.
(3)Department of Computer Science, Faculty of Applied Sciences, University of 
Sri Jayewardenepura, Nugegoda, Sri Lanka.
(4)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Faculty of Engineering, Universiti 
Malaya, 50603 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 May 24;2023:9873751. doi: 10.1155/2023/9873751.

Low-dose Computed Tomography (LDCT) has gained a great deal of attention in 
clinical procedures due to its ability to reduce the patient's risk of exposure 
to the X-ray radiation. However, reducing the X-ray dose increases the quantum 
noise and artifacts in the acquired LDCT images. As a result, it produces 
visually low-quality LDCT images that adversely affect the disease diagnosing 
and treatment planning in clinical procedures. Deep Learning (DL) has recently 
become the cutting-edge technology of LDCT denoising due to its high performance 
and data-driven execution compared to conventional denoising approaches. 
Although the DL-based models perform fairly well in LDCT noise reduction, some 
noise components are still retained in denoised LDCT images. One reason for this 
noise retention is the direct transmission of feature maps through the skip 
connections of contraction and extraction path-based DL modes. Therefore, in 
this study, we propose a Generative Adversarial Network with Inception network 
modules (InNetGAN) as a solution for filtering the noise transmission through 
skip connections and preserving the texture and fine structure of LDCT images. 
The proposed Generator is modeled based on the U-net architecture. The skip 
connections in the U-net architecture are modified with three different 
inception network modules to filter out the noise in the feature maps passing 
over them. The quantitative and qualitative experimental results have shown the 
performance of the InNetGAN model in reducing noise and preserving the subtle 
structures and texture details in LDCT images compared to the other 
state-of-the-art denoising algorithms.

Copyright © 2021 K. A. Saneera Hemantha Kulathilake et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/9975762
PMCID: PMC8452440
PMID: 34552709 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest regarding the publication of this paper.


547. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2021 Sep 8;2021:8556965. doi: 10.1155/2021/8556965. eCollection 
2021.

Reversal of Radiotherapy Resistance of Ovarian Cancer Cell Strain CAOV3/R by 
Targeting lncRNA CRNDE.

Yang W(1), Li X(2), Zhao L(1), Zhao F(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Gansu Tumor Hospital, 730050 Lanzhou, Gansu, 
China.
(2)Gynecologic Oncology Department, Gansu Tumor Hospital, 730050 Lanzhou, Gansu, 
China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2022 Nov 24;2022:9763145. doi: 10.1155/2022/9763145.

Radiotherapy resistance is one of the key factors of poor prognosis of ovarian 
cancer clinical treatment. The search for key targets of ovarian cancer 
radiotherapy resistance has become a high priority. Long noncoding RNA plays an 
important role in tumor development. However, the key lncRNA in ovarian cancer 
radiotherapy resistance is not identified. Our finding that lncRNA CRNDE is 
highly expressed in the radiotherapy resistance cell line CAOV3/R drew our 
attention. Therefore, in this study, we targeted lncRNA CRNDE to analyze whether 
it is a key factor of radiotherapy resistance in ovarian cancer. Ultimately, we 
found that silencing lncRNA CRNDE could reverse CAOV3/R radiotherapy resistance, 
which would be a boon to clinical treatment.

Copyright © 2021 Wencui Yang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/8556965
PMCID: PMC8443391
PMID: 34540189 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


548. Sci Rep. 2021 Sep 14;11(1):18213. doi: 10.1038/s41598-021-97357-6.

Development of a novel self-sanitizing mask prototype to combat the spread of 
infectious disease and reduce unnecessary waste.

Crawford MJ(1), Ramezani S(2), Jabbari R(3), Pathak P(2), Cho HJ(2), Kim BN(4), 
Choi H(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, University of Central Florida, Orlando, 
32816, USA.
(2)Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, University of Central 
Florida, Orlando, 32816, USA.
(3), Tehran, Iran.
(4)Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Central 
Florida, Orlando, 32816, USA.
(5)Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, University of Central 
Florida, Orlando, 32816, USA. hwan.choi@ucf.edu.

With the spread of COVID-19, significant emphasis has been placed on mitigation 
techniques such as mask wearing to slow infectious disease transmission. 
Widespread use of face coverings has revealed challenges such as mask 
contamination and waste, presenting an opportunity to improve the current 
technologies. In response, we have developed the Auto-sanitizing Retractable 
Mask Optimized for Reusability (ARMOR). ARMOR is a novel, reusable face covering 
that can be quickly disinfected using an array of ultraviolet C lamps contained 
within a wearable case. A nanomembrane UVC sensor was used to quantify the 
intensity of germicidal radiation at 18 different locations on the face covering 
and determine the necessary exposure time to inactivate SARS-CoV-2 in addition 
to other viruses and bacteria. After experimentation, it was found that ARMOR 
successfully provided germicidal radiation to all areas of the mask and will 
inactivate SARS-CoV-2 in approximately 180 s, H1N1 Influenza in 130 s, and 
Mycobacterium tuberculosis in 113 s, proving that this design is effective at 
eliminating a variety of pathogens and can serve as an alternative to 
traditional waste-producing disposable face masks. The accessibility, ease of 
use, and speed of sanitization supports the wide application of ARMOR in both 
clinical and public settings.

© 2021. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-021-97357-6
PMCID: PMC8440541
PMID: 34521866 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


549. Ann Palliat Med. 2021 Aug;10(8):9330. doi: 10.21037/apm-2021-06.

Retraction: The effect of sedentary time on the results of exercise therapy in 
patients with peripheral arterial disease complicated with type 2 diabetes.

Gu L(1), Duan L(2), Xie P(1), He L(3), Peng W(4), Zhou F(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation, Sichuan Provincial People's Hospital, University of 
Electronic Science and Technology of China, Chengdu, China.
(2)Department of Pediatrics, Sichuan Provincial People's Hospital, University of 
Electronic Science and Technology of China, Chengdu, China.
(3)Department of Pharmacy, Sichuan Provincial People's Hospital, University of 
Electronic Science and Technology of China, Chengdu, China.
(4)West China Second University Hospital, Sichuan University/West China Women's 
and Children's Hospital, Chengdu, China.

Retraction of
    Ann Palliat Med. 2021 May;10(5):5366-5372. doi: 10.21037/apm-21-773.

DOI: 10.21037/apm-2021-06
PMID: 34488418


550. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2021 Aug 26;2021:5955343. doi: 10.1155/2021/5955343. eCollection 
2021.

High-Throughput Screen of Natural Compounds and Biomarkers for NSCLC Treatment 
by Differential Expression and Weighted Gene Coexpression Network Analysis 
(WGCNA).

Kui L(1)(2)(3), Li M(4), Yang X(5)(6), Yang L(7), Kong Q(8), Pan Y(9), Xu Z(9), 
Wang S(9), Mo D(5)(6), Dong Y(5)(10)(11), Liu Y(12), Miao J(5)(13).

Author information:
(1)Shenzhen Qianhai Shekou Free Trade Zone Hospital, Shenzhen 518067, China.
(2)School of Pharmacy, Jiangsu University, Zhenjiang 212013, China.
(3)Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Harvard Medical School, Brookline MA02215, USA.
(4)Department of Biology Chemistry, Institute of Science, Nanchang University 
College of Science and Technology, Jiujiang 332020, China.
(5)Guangxi Key Laboratory of Medicinal Resources Protection and Genetic 
Improvement, Guangxi Medicinal Botanical Garden, Nanning 530023, China.
(6)Guangxi Engineering Research Center of TCM Resource Intelligent Creation, 
Guangxi Botanical Garden of Medicinal Plants, Nanning 530023, China.
(7)Faculty of Food Science and Technology, Yunnan Agricultural University, 
Kunming 650201, China.
(8)State Key Laboratory of Phytochemistry and Plant Resources in West China, 
Kunming Institute of Botany, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Kunming 650201, China.
(9)Nowbio Biotechnology Company, Kunming 650000, China.
(10)State Key Laboratory for Conservation and Utilization of Bio-Resources in 
Yunnan, Yunnan Agricultural University, Kunming 650201, China.
(11)Yunnan Research Institute for Local Plateau Agriculture and Industry, 
Kunming 650201, China.
(12)Baoji High-Tech Hospital, Baoji 721006, China.
(13)School of Pharmacy, Guangxi Medical University, Nanning 530021, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2024 Mar 20;2024:9892473. doi: 10.1155/2024/9892473.

Lung cancer is known as the leading cause which presents the highest fatality 
rate worldwide; non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the most prevalent type of 
lung carcinoma with high severity and affects 80% of patients with lung 
malignancies. Up to now, the general treatment for NSCLC includes surgery, 
chemotherapy, and radiotherapy; however, some therapeutic drugs and approaches 
could cause side effects and weaken the immune system. The combination of 
conventional therapies and traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) significantly 
improves treatment efficacy in lung cancer. Therefore, it is necessary to 
investigate the chemical composition and underlying antitumor mechanisms of TCM, 
so as to get a better understanding of the potential natural ingredient for lung 
cancer treatment. In this study, we selected 78 TCM to treat NSCLC cell line 
(A549) and obtained 92 transcriptome data; differential expression and WGCNA 
were applied to screen the potential natural ingredient and target genes. The 
sample which was treated with A. pierreana generated the most significant DEG 
set, including 6130 DEGs, 2479 upregulated, and 3651 downregulated. KEGG pathway 
analyses found that four pathways (MAPK, NF-kappa B, p53, and TGF-beta signaling 
pathway) were significantly enriched; 16 genes were significantly regulated in 
these four pathways. Interestingly, some of them such as EGFR, DUSP4, IL1R1, 
IL1B, MDM2, CDKNIA, and IDs have been used as the target biomarkers for cancer 
diagnosis and therapy. In addition, classified samples into 14 groups based on 
their pharmaceutical effects, WGCNA was used to identify 27 modules. Among them, 
green and darkgrey were the most relevant modules. Eight genes in the green 
module and four in darkgrey were identified as hub genes. In conclusion, we 
screened out three new TCM (B. fruticose, A. pierreana, and S. scandens) that 
have the potential to develop natural anticancer drugs and obtained the 
therapeutic targets for NSCLC therapy. Our study provides unique insights to 
screen the natural components for NSCLC therapy using high-throughput 
transcriptome analysis.

Copyright © 2021 Ling Kui et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/5955343
PMCID: PMC8416370
PMID: 34485520 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


551. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Death Dis. 2021 Sep 3;12(9):826. doi: 10.1038/s41419-021-04103-x.

Expansion of monocytic myeloid-derived suppressor cells ameliorated intestinal 
inflammatory response by radiation through SOCS3 expression.

Choi YY(1), Seong KM(1), Lee HJ(2), Lee SS(2)(3), Kim A(4).

Author information:
(1)Laboratory of Biodosimetry, National Radiation Emergency Medical Center, 
KIRAMS, Seoul, 01812, Korea.
(2)Laboratory of Radiation Exposure and Therapeutics, National Radiation 
Emergency Medical Center, KIRAMS, Seoul, 01812, Korea.
(3)Department of Pathology, Korea Cancer Center Hospital, Korea Institute of 
Radiological & Medical Science, Seoul, 01812, Korea.
(4)Laboratory of Radiation Exposure and Therapeutics, National Radiation 
Emergency Medical Center, KIRAMS, Seoul, 01812, Korea. nurikim@kirams.re.kr.

Erratum in
    Cell Death Dis. 2022 Feb 25;13(2):186. doi: 10.1038/s41419-022-04643-w.

Retraction in
    Cell Death Dis. 2022 Sep 29;13(9):837. doi: 10.1038/s41419-022-05295-6.

Radiation-induced colitis is a common clinical problem after radiation therapy 
and accidental radiation exposure. Myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MDSCs) have 
immunosuppressive functions that use a variety of mechanisms to alter both the 
innate and the adaptive immune systems. Here, we demonstrated that radiation 
exposure in mice promoted the expansion of splenic and intestinal MDSCs and 
caused intestinal inflammation due to the increased secretion of cytokines. 
Depletion of monocytic MDSCs using anti-Ly6C exacerbated radiation-induced 
colitis and altered the expression of inflammatory cytokine IL10. Adoptive 
transfers of 0.5 Gy-derived MDSCs ameliorated this radiation-induced colitis 
through the production IL10 and activation of both STAT3 and SOCS3 signaling. 
Intestinal-inflammation recovery using 0.5 Gy-induced MDSCs was assessed using 
histological grading of colitis, colon length, body weight, and survival rate. 
Using in vitro co-cultures, we found that 0.5 Gy-induced MDSCs had higher 
expression levels of IL10 and SOCS3 compared with 5 Gy-induced MDSCs. In 
addition, IL10 expression was not enhanced in SOCS3-depleted cells, even in the 
presence of 0.5 Gy-induced monocytic MDSCs. Collectively, the results indicate 
that 0.5 Gy-induced MDSCs play an important immunoregulatory role in this 
radiation-induced colitis mouse model by releasing anti-inflammatory cytokines 
and suggest that IL10-overexpressing mMDSCs may be potential immune-therapy 
targets for treating colitis.

© 2021. The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1038/s41419-021-04103-x
PMCID: PMC8417278
PMID: 34480017 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


552. Pract Radiat Oncol. 2022 Mar-Apr;12(2):106-112. doi: 10.1016/j.prro.2021.08.009. 
Epub 2021 Aug 30.

Five-Fraction Prone Accelerated Partial Breast Irradiation: Long-Term Oncologic, 
Dosimetric, and Cosmetic Outcome.

Shah BA(1), Xiao J(1), Oh C(2), Taneja S(1), Barbee D(1), Maisonet O(1), Huppert 
N(1), Perez C(1), Gerber NK(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology.
(2)Biostatistics, Department of Population Health, NYU Langone Health, New York, 
New York.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology. Electronic address: 
Naamit.Gerber@nyulangone.org.

PURPOSE: Randomized data support accelerated partial breast irradiation (APBI) 
for early-stage breast cancer with variable techniques and cosmesis outcomes. We 
have treated patients with 5-fraction prone external beam APBI for over a decade 
and herein report acute and late outcomes.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: Patients receiving APBI 600 cGy × 5 between 2010 and 2019 
were included. APBI was primarily delivered prone, with opposed tangents 
targeting the tumor bed expanded by 1.5 cm (cropped 6 mm from skin). Ipsilateral 
breast was constrained to V50% < 60% and V100% < 35%. Survival was estimated 
with Kaplan-Meier. Late toxicities and clinician- and patient-rated cosmesis 
were evaluated for patients with >6 months follow-up (FU).
RESULTS: Of 345 patients meeting criteria, 14 were excluded due to APBI given 
for ipsilateral breast tumor recurrence (IBTR; n = 3), palliation (n = 9), and 
incomplete radiation therapy course (n = 2). Of the 331 remaining, median age 
was 70, 7.2% had ductal carcinoma in situ, and 94.3% were treated prone, with 
32% treated every other day and 68% on consecutive days. Mean heart dose was 
23.8 cGy for left-sided and 12.7 cGy for right-sided cancers. Ipsilateral lung 
V30% was 0.4%. At 5-year median FU, there were 7 (2.1%) IBTR, 9 (2.7%) 
contralateral recurrences, and 1 (0.3%) distant metastasis. Five-year local 
recurrence-free, disease-free, and overall survival was 99.5%, 96.7%, and 98.1%, 
respectively. When comparing patients with IBTR versus without, a higher 
proportion did not receive hormone therapy (71.4% vs. 26.2%, P = .018). Rates of 
acute grade 1 to 2 dermatitis, fatigue, and pain were 35.4%, 21.8%, and 9.4%, 
respectively, with no grade 3 toxicity. The rate of good-excellent physician- 
and patient-rated cosmesis (n = 199, median FU 2.8 years) was 92.5% and 89.4%, 
respectively. Patients experienced low rates of telangiectasia, fibrosis, and 
retraction/atrophy.
CONCLUSIONS: We report excellent dosimetric, oncologic, cosmetic, and late 
toxicity outcomes for patients treated with 5-fraction APBI. To our knowledge 
this is the largest series of women treated with prone APBI.

Copyright © 2021 American Society for Radiation Oncology. Published by Elsevier 
Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.prro.2021.08.009
PMID: 34474168 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


553. Rev Sci Instrum. 2021 Aug 1;92(8):083507. doi: 10.1063/5.0040648.

Time resolved absolute extreme ultraviolet radiation measurement on the ENN 
XuanLong-50 spherical tokamak.

Dai LL(1), Zhu YB(1), Bai RH(1), Li Q(2), Tao RY(1), Liu LC(1), Ding JB(1), Ma 
F(1), Zhao X(1), Cheng SK(1), Huang XL(1), Liu MS(1).

Author information:
(1)Hebei Key Laboratory of Compact Fusion, Langfang 065001, China.
(2)Department of Modern Physics, University of Science and Technology of China, 
Hefei 230026, China.

A plasma radiation measurement system for a wide spectral range, based on 
compact Absolute eXtreme UltraViolet (AXUV) silicon photodiodes, has been 
implemented on the newly constructed ENN XuanLong-50 (EXL-50) spherical tokamak. 
The system consists of two 16-channel AXUV16ELG arrays and one AXUV63HS1 
single-cell detector mounted on ceramic sockets. The two arrays, facing toward 
the EXL-50 slim central post from two locations inside a top and a side ConFlat 
400 port, have 32 view chords covering the interested plasma region in a 
poloidal cross section at toroidal 330°. The single-cell detector, seated on a 
retractable feedthrough, could be arranged flexibly with the help of an 
ultra-high vacuum compatible gate valve. The design details together with 
considerations on the EXL-50 specific engineering realities and physics 
requirements are described. Preliminary results from the EXL-50 2020 
experimental campaign are presented.

DOI: 10.1063/5.0040648
PMID: 34470401


554. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Biol Toxicol. 2023 Feb;39(1):365. doi: 10.1007/s10565-021-09637-6. Epub 
2021 Aug 30.

RETRACTED ARTICLE: Reduced LINC00467 elevates microRNA-125a-3p to suppress 
cisplatin resistance in non-small cell lung cancer through inhibiting sirtuin 6 
and inactivating the ERK1/2 signaling pathway.

Xue F(1), Yang C(2), Yun K(3), Jiang C(1), Cai R(4), Liang M(5), Wang Q(6), Bian 
W(7), Zhou H(6), Liu Z(6), Zhu L(8).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Affiliated Hospital of Guilin Medical University, 
Guilin, 541001, Guangxi, China.
(2)Center of Endoscopy, Heilongjiang Provincial Hospital, Harbin Institute of 
Technology, Harbin, 150036, Heilongjiang, China.
(3)Department of Pharmacology, Pharmacy School of Guilin Medical University, 
Guilin, 541004, Guangxi, China.
(4)Department of Radiotherapy, Affiliated Hospital of Guilin Medical University, 
No.15 Lequn Road, Guilin, 541001, Guangxi, China.
(5)Emergency Center of Nangang Branch, Heilongjiang Provincial Hospital, Harbin 
Institute of Technonlogy, Harbin, 150036, Heilongjiang, China.
(6)Department of Medical Imaging, Heilongjiang Provincial Hospital, Harbin 
Institute of Technonlogy, Harbin, 150036, Heilongjiang, China.
(7)Department of Oncology, Heilongjiang Provincial Hospital, Harbin Institute of 
Technonlogy, Harbin, 150036, Heilongjiang, China.
(8)Department of Radiotherapy, Affiliated Hospital of Guilin Medical University, 
No.15 Lequn Road, Guilin, 541001, Guangxi, China. zhulin805@163.com.

Retraction in
    10.1007/s10565-021-09637-6.

DOI: 10.1007/s10565-021-09637-6
PMID: 34458953


555. Eur J Haematol. 2021 Dec;107(6):650-657. doi: 10.1111/ejh.13703. Epub 2021 Sep 
3.

Immune-related adverse events in cancer patients being treated with immune 
checkpoint inhibitors.

Byrne MM(1), Lucas M(2), Pai L(1), Breeze J(3), Parsons SK(1)(3)(4).

Author information:
(1)Division of Hematology/Oncology, Department of Medicine, Tufts Medical 
Center, Boston, MA, USA.
(2)School of Medicine, Tufts Medical Center, Boston, MA, USA.
(3)Tufts Medical Center, Tufts Clinical and Translational Science Institute, 
Tufts University, and Institute for Clinical Research and Health Policy Studies, 
Boston, MA, USA.
(4)Tufts Medical Center, Reid R. Sacco Adolescent and Young Adult Cancer 
Program, Boston, MA, USA.

INTRODUCTION: With the increased use of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI), it 
is essential to improve our understanding of immune-related adverse events 
(irAE). To date, most studies describing irAE have been performed in clinical 
trial populations, which may not be an accurate description of irAE in 
real-world populations. Also, identification of patients at increased risk of 
irAE is needed as early recognition may improve irAE outcomes.
METHODS: We performed a retrospective analysis of patients who received an ICI 
between January 2014 and October 2018 at a single institution (Tufts Medical 
Center). Each patient was followed for up to 12 months for the outcome of a 
physician-reported irAE. Kaplan-Meier curves were created for the time to 
development and resolution of initial irAE. A Cox proportional hazards model was 
created to evaluate whether the following variables were independent predictors 
of an initial irAE: age ≥65 years, female sex, non-Caucasian race, radiation in 
previous 6 months, current smoking status, melanoma, and combination ICI 
(ipilimumab and nivolumab).
RESULTS: Of 131 patients followed, 57 patients (43.5%) developed at least one 
irAE at a median of 250 days (95% confidence interval (CI) 132 days-not 
estimable). The most common irAE included dermatitis, thyroid dysfunction, and 
pneumonitis. Nearly two-thirds of patients with an irAE had ICI therapy 
withdrawn, and nearly 60% had immunosuppression initiated. In multivariable 
analysis, we found a significant association between irAE development and age 
≥65 years hazard ratio (HR) 1.80, 95% CI (1.03-3.14) and current smoking status 
(HR 2.26, 95% CI 1.06-4.82).
DISCUSSION: We detected a high rate of irAE and that irAE and subsequent 
management can be clinically burdensome in this patient population. While 
further studies are needed to validate these findings, this study provides 
insights into the magnitude, time course, management of, and possible predictors 
of irAE in a real-world setting.

© 2021 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/ejh.13703
PMCID: PMC11462459
PMID: 34453348 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


556. Expert Opin Drug Discov. 2021 Sep;16(9):i. doi: 10.1080/17460441.2021.1971842. 
Epub 2021 Aug 27.

Notice of duplicate publication: What are the practical, ethical and 
pathobiological considerations in the use of minipigs as an animal model in drug 
discovery for acute radiation syndrome and delayed effects of acute radiation 
exposure?

[No authors listed]

Retraction of
    Expert Opin Drug Discov. 2021 Feb;16(2):119-124. doi: 
10.1080/17460441.2020.1811671.

DOI: 10.1080/17460441.2021.1971842
PMID: 34448650


557. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2021 Aug 16;2021:2709461. doi: 10.1155/2021/2709461. eCollection 
2021.

Evaluation of Incision Margin and Radiotherapy Adjustment in Breast 
Cancer-Conserving Surgery Based on VR Pathology 3D Reconstruction.

Zhang L(1).

Author information:
(1)Zibo Vocational Institute, Zibo 255300, Shandong, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Oct 4;2023:9820825. doi: 10.1155/2023/9820825.

At present, the incidence of breast cancer is high worldwide and the most 
effective way to treat breast cancer is surgery. This study mainly explores the 
application of pathological three-dimensional reconstruction based on VR 
technology in the evaluation of the margins of breast-conserving surgery and the 
adjustment of radiotherapy for breast cancer. In the process of making 
pathological large slices, the slice markers are counted and the upper and outer 
cutting edges are located and placed in a large embedding box to prevent tissue 
deformation. ACDSEE6.0 is used to convert the aligned image BMP format into JPG 
format, the JPG images of each breast are cropped in batches under the same 
range and size, and then 3DDOCTOR1.0 is imported to edit the images. The 
boundary edit tool is activated to segment the target area layer by layer to 
create a boundary data set of the target structure. The stored file is opened 
and 3D rendering simple surface and volume rendering on the computer is run to 
display the surface data 3D display and the volume data 3D display. During VR 
image processing, the data are imported into the VR image workstation and the 
Radio Dexter software system is used for image adjustment, trimming, and 
sequence extraction. Then, the preliminary processed CT and MRI data are 
displayed in pairs. Through multiplane comparison, manual or automatic fusion 
tools are used to reduce the gap between image sequences. The surgical process 
is simulated under VR: by changing the window size and viewing angle; using 
virtual electric drills, cutting tools, and other virtual instruments; ad 
selecting the operating microscope perspective; and simulating steps such as 
breast opening, visual field exposure, and tumor resection. The breast 
tomographic image was reconstructed in multiple planes, and two-dimensional 
images of any plane could be observed. 10 cases showed high-density shadows and 
5 cases showed isodensity shadows. This research contributes to the precise 
treatment of breast-conserving surgery.

Copyright © 2021 Li Zhang.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/2709461
PMCID: PMC8384538
PMID: 34447525 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The author declares no conflicts of interest.


558. RETRACTED ARTICLE

PLoS One. 2021 Aug 25;16(8):e0256450. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0256450. 
eCollection 2021.

The influence of vermicomposting on photosynthetic activity and productivity of 
maize (Zea mays L.) crop under semi-arid climate.

Younas M(1)(2), Zou H(3), Laraib T(4), Abbas W(5), Akhtar MW(6), Aslam MN(7), 
Amrao L(2), Hayat S(8), Abdul Hamid T(9), Hameed A(2), Ayaz Kachelo G(2), 
Elseehy MM(10), El-Shehawi AM(11), Zuan ATK(12), Li Y(1), Arif M(13).

Author information:
(1)Department of Plant Pathology, College of Agriculture, Guizhou University, 
Guiyang, Guizhou, China.
(2)Department of Plant Pathology, University of Agriculture Faisalabad, Punjab, 
Pakistan.
(3)College of Plant Protection, Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University, 
Fujian, Fuzhou, China.
(4)Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, The University of Lahore, 
Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.
(5)Ayub Agricultural Research Institute, Faisalabad, Punjab, Pakistan.
(6)Department of Soil Science, The Islamia University of Bahawalpur, Bahawalpur, 
Punjab, Pakistan.
(7)Department of Plant Pathology, The Islamia University of Bahawalpur, 
Bahawalpur, Punjab, Pakistan.
(8)Department of Forestry, Department of Forestry, The Islamia University of 
Bahawalpur, Bahawalpur, Punjab, Pakistan.
(9)Assistant Director, office of Deputy Director of Agriculture, Pest Warning & 
Quality Control of Pesticides (PW&QCP) Lahore, Lahore, Pakistan.
(10)Department of Genetics, Faculty of Agriculture, University of Alexandria, 
Alexandria, Egypt.
(11)Department of Biotechnology, College of Science, Taif University, Taif, 
Saudi Arabia.
(12)Department of Land Management, Faculty of Agriculture, Universiti Putra 
Malaysia, Serdang, Selangor, Malaysia.
(13)Department of Plant Protection, Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University, 
Fuzhou, China.

Retraction in
    PLoS One. 2022 Aug 17;17(8):e0272414. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0272414.

Food production and waste recycling are the two major issues faced globally with 
rapidly increasing population. Recycling organic wastes to crop amendments could 
be a possible solution to these issues. Earthworms transfer organic waste to 
compost, which is used to grow crops and increase crop productivity. This study 
assessed the impact of vermicompost produced from the residues of six desert 
plant species, i.e., (Ziziphus mauritiana, Aerva javanica, Calligonum comosum, 
Sacchrum benghalens, Calligonum polygonoides and Prosopis cineraria) combined 
with farmyard manure (5 t ha-1) on growth, yield and photosynthetic activity of 
maize crop. Earthworm species Eisenia fetida (Savigny, 1826) was used to prepare 
vermicomposting of all tested plant species. The desert species were collected 
from natural habitats, chopped, dried, mixed with FYM and then earthworms were 
released to prepare the vermicompost. The earthworms were excluded twenty days 
after release and resultant was considered as compost and used in the 
experiment. Results revealed that application of P. cineraria vermicompost 
resulted in the highest plant height (75.33 cm), stem diameter (22.66 mm), cob 
length (17.66 cm), number of grains/cob (374.67), 1000-grain weight (260.41 g) 
and grains yield (3.20 t/ha). Application of P. cineraria vermicompost resulted 
in the highest uptake of macronutrients, i.e., N (91.01%), P (22.07%), K 
(80.41%), micronutrients, i.e., Fe (19.07 ppm), Zn (40.05 ppm), and phenolic 
contents (150). Application of P. cineraria vermicompost also resulted in the 
highest quantum photosynthetic yield (0.42 mole C/mole of photon), chlorophyll 
florescence (355.18 moles of photon m-2s-1) and electron transport rate (310.18 
micro mole m-2s-1). It is concluded that vermicomposting has the potential to 
improve growth and yield of maize crop. Particularly, application of 
vermicompost obtained from P. cineraria can be used to improve the growth and 
yield of maize crop. Nonetheless, field trials are necessary for a wide scale 
recommendation.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0256450
PMCID: PMC8386841
PMID: 34432836 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


559. Genome Biol Evol. 2021 Sep 1;13(9):evab200. doi: 10.1093/gbe/evab200.

Taxonomic Uncertainty and the Anomaly Zone: Phylogenomics Disentangle a Rapid 
Radiation to Resolve Contentious Species (Gila robusta Complex) in the Colorado 
River.

Chafin TK(1)(2), Douglas MR(1), Bangs MR(1)(3), Martin BT(1)(4), Mussmann 
SM(1)(5), Douglas ME(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Biological Sciences, University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, 
Arkansas, USA.
(2)Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology, University of Colorado, 
Boulder, Colorado, USA.
(3)Department of Biological Science, Florida State University, Tallahassee, 
Florida, USA.
(4)Global Campus, University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, Arkansas, USA.
(5)Southwestern Native Aquatic Resources and Recovery Center, U.S. Fish & 
Wildlife Service, Dexter, New Mexico, USA.

Species are indisputable units for biodiversity conservation, yet their 
delimitation is fraught with both conceptual and methodological difficulties. A 
classic example is the taxonomic controversy surrounding the Gila robusta 
complex in the lower Colorado River of southwestern North America. Nominal 
species designations were originally defined according to weakly diagnostic 
morphological differences, but these conflicted with subsequent genetic 
analyses. Given this ambiguity, the complex was re-defined as a single polytypic 
unit, with the proposed "threatened" status under the U.S. Endangered Species 
Act of two elements being withdrawn. Here we re-evaluated the status of the 
complex by utilizing dense spatial and genomic sampling (n = 387 and >22 k 
loci), coupled with SNP-based coalescent and polymorphism-aware phylogenetic 
models. In doing so, we found that all three species were indeed supported as 
evolutionarily independent lineages, despite widespread phylogenetic 
discordance. To juxtapose this discrepancy with previous studies, we first 
categorized those evolutionary mechanisms driving discordance, then tested (and 
subsequently rejected) prior hypotheses which argued phylogenetic discord in the 
complex was driven by the hybrid origin of Gila nigra. The inconsistent patterns 
of diversity we found within G. robusta were instead associated with rapid 
Plio-Pleistocene drainage evolution, with subsequent divergence within the 
"anomaly zone" of tree space producing ambiguities that served to confound prior 
studies. Our results not only support the resurrection of the three species as 
distinct entities but also offer an empirical example of how phylogenetic 
discordance can be categorized within other recalcitrant taxa, particularly when 
variation is primarily partitioned at the species level.

© The Author(s) 2021. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the 
Society for Molecular Biology and Evolution.

DOI: 10.1093/gbe/evab200
PMCID: PMC8449829
PMID: 34432005 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


560. J Photochem Photobiol B. 2021 Oct;223:112286. doi: 
10.1016/j.jphotobiol.2021.112286. Epub 2021 Aug 13.

REAP (Rapid Elimination of Active Plasmodium): A photodynamic strategy 
exploiting intrinsic kinetics of the parasite to combat severe malaria.

Ashraf S(1), Khalid A(1), Kuriakose J(1), Palanisami A(1), Feng Y(1), Hasan 
T(2).

Author information:
(1)Wellman Center for Photomedicine, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard 
Medical School, 50 Blossom Street, 02114 Boston, MA, USA.
(2)Wellman Center for Photomedicine, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard 
Medical School, 50 Blossom Street, 02114 Boston, MA, USA; Health Sciences and 
Technology, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA, USA. 
Electronic address: thasan@mgh.harvard.edu.

Plasmodium falciparum, the causative organism of Malaria is a mosquito-borne 
parasitic disease which infects red blood cells (RBCs), where it multiplies 
rapidly and goes through different stages of its life cycle. When the parasite 
load exceeds >3% in the blood, malaria transforms into severe malaria which 
requires immediate attention as death occurs within hours to days. The increase 
in people traveling to malaria-endemic areas and resistance/partial resistance 
to most known antimalarial drugs has put the current management scheme in 
jeopardy. To improve the patient outcome at this point, the physician may opt to 
perform exchange transfusions from another individual as an adjunct therapy to 
reduce parasitized RBCs, but the strategy has many drawbacks, including chances 
of infection. These limitations can be mitigated if the patient's own blood is 
withdrawn/extracted, sterilized from the parasitic load and then re-transfused 
almost similar to what is done in extracorporeal blood treatment for sepsis, 
poisoning and graft versus host disease. Thus, in the present study a 
light-based photochemical approach, Photodynamic Therapy (PDT) built on 
delta-aminolevulinic acid-protoporphyrin IX (ALA-PpIX) synthesis is exploited. 
This modality was effective at destruction of both resistant and susceptible 
strains of parasites, including at a high load mimicking severe drug resistant 
malaria. The current findings have set the stage for concept of an ALA-PpIX 
based PDT platform, "the REAP (Rapid Elimination of Active Plasmodium) 
strategy". This approach provides an additional tool towards the defense against 
multi-drug resistant severe malaria, and other intracellular blood pathogens, 
dependent on heme-synthesis.

Copyright © 2021. Published by Elsevier B.V.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jphotobiol.2021.112286
PMID: 34416476 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


561. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2021 Aug 10;14:4415-4426. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S297336. 
eCollection 2021.

Long Non-Coding RNA TRG-AS1 Promoted Proliferation and Invasion of Lung Cancer 
Cells Through the miR-224-5p/SMAD4 Axis.

Zhang M(#)(1)(2), Zhu W(#)(3), Haeryfar M(4), Jiang S(5), Jiang X(6), Chen W(7), 
Li J(2).

Author information:
(1)The School of Clinical Medicine, Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou, People's 
Republic of China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Fujian Medical University Cancer Hospital & 
Fujian Cancer Hospital, Fuzhou, 350014, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, The Affiliated Huaian No.1 People' s Hospital of 
Nanjing Medical University, Huaian, Jiangsu Province, 223300, People's Republic 
of China.
(4)Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Western University, London, 
Ontario, N6A 3K7, Canada.
(5)Department of B-ultrasound, The Affiliated Huaian No.1 People' s Hospital of 
Nanjing Medical University, Huaian, Jiangsu Province, 223300, People's Republic 
of China.
(6)Department of Hernia Surgery, The Affiliated Huaian No.1 People' s Hospital 
of Nanjing Medical University, Huaian, Jiangsu Province, 223300, People's 
Republic of China.
(7)Department of Respiratory Medicine, The Affiliated Huaian No.1 People' s 
Hospital of Nanjing Medical University, Huaian, Jiangsu Province, 223300, 
People's Republic of China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2024 Apr 18;17:361-362. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S474055.

INTRODUCTION: The aim of this study was to investigate the role and mechanism of 
long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) TRG-AS1 in mediating the proliferation, invasion 
and migration of lung cancer cells as well lung tumor growth.
METHODS: Firstly, the expression levels of TRG-AS1, miR-224-5p in lung cancer 
tissues or cells were quantified by quantitative real-time PCR. Western blot 
analysis was conducted to measure the expression levels of protein SMAD4. CCK-8 
assay, wound healing assay and transwell assay were conducted to evaluate cell 
proliferation, migration and invasion, respectively. The interaction between 
TRG-AS1 and miR-224-5p was predicted by bioinformatics analysis. Dual-luciferase 
assay and RNA pull-down assay were performed to further confirm their 
interaction. In addition, the interaction between miR-224-5p and SMAD4 was 
detected by RIP assay.
RESULTS: The results showed that TRG-AS1 was highly upregulated and miR-224-5p 
was downregulated in lung cancer. A negative correlation was found between 
TRG-AS1 and miR-224-5p. Furthermore, upregulation of TRG-AS1 promoted cell 
proliferation and invasion, while overexpression of miR-224-5p attenuated the 
effects of TRG-AS1. The downstream protein SMAD4 played an important role. In 
vivo study showed that knockdown of TRG-AS1 effectively retarded tumor growth.
DISCUSSION: Our data suggested that the TRG-AS1/miR-224-5p/SMAD4 axis may be a 
potential therapeutic target in lung cancer.

© 2021 Zhang et al.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S297336
PMCID: PMC8364376
PMID: 34408438

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


562. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Lett. 2021 Nov 1;520:385-399. doi: 10.1016/j.canlet.2021.08.012. Epub 
2021 Aug 15.

RETRACTED: Enhanced AC133-specific CAR T cell therapy induces durable remissions 
in mice with metastatic small cell lung cancer.

Taromi S(1), Firat E(2), Simonis A(3), Braun LM(4), Apostolova P(4), Elze M(5), 
Passlick B(5), Schumacher A(4), Lagies S(6), Frey A(7), Schmitt-Graeff A(7), 
Burger M(8), Schmittlutz K(4), Follo M(4), von Elverfeldt D(9), Zhu X(10), 
Kammerer B(11), Diederichs S(12), Duyster J(13), Manz MG(3), Niedermann G(14), 
Zeiser R(15).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medicine I, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, Faculty of 
Medicine, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany; University Furtwangen, 
Faculty of Medical and Life Sciences, Campus VS-Schwenningen, Germany. 
Electronic address: sanaz.taromi@uniklinik-freiburg.de.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Faculty of Medicine, University of 
Freiburg, Germany.
(3)Department of Medical Oncology and Hematology and Oncology, Zurich University 
and University Hospital Medical Center Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland.
(4)Department of Medicine I, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, Faculty of 
Medicine, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.
(5)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, 
Faculty of Medicine, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.
(6)Center for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, 
Freiburg, Germany; Institute of Biology II, Albert-Ludwigs-University Freiburg, 
Freiburg, Germany; Spemann Graduate School of Biology and Medicine, 
Albert-Ludwigs-University Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.
(7)Department of Pathology, Freiburg University Medical Center, 
Albert-Ludwigs-University (ALU) Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.
(8)Department of Medicine I, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, Faculty of 
Medicine, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany; University Furtwangen, 
Faculty of Medical and Life Sciences, Campus VS-Schwenningen, Germany.
(9)Medical Physics, Freiburg University Medical Center, Faculty of Medicine, 
Albert-Ludwigs-University (ALU) Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany.
(10)Shanghai Institute for Advanced Immunochemical Studies (SIAIS), ShanghaiTech 
University, Shanghai, China.
(11)Center for Biological Systems Analysis (ZBSA), University of Freiburg, 
Freiburg, Germany; Institute of Biology II, Albert-Ludwigs-University Freiburg, 
Freiburg, Germany; Spemann Graduate School of Biology and Medicine, 
Albert-Ludwigs-University Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany; BIOSS Center for 
Biological Signalling Studies, University of Freiburg, Germany.
(12)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, 
Faculty of Medicine, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany; German Cancer 
Consortium (DKTK), Freiburg, and German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(13)Department of Medicine I, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, Faculty 
of Medicine, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany; German Cancer Consortium 
(DKTK), Freiburg, and German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), Heidelberg, Germany.
(14)Department of Radiation Oncology, Faculty of Medicine, University of 
Freiburg, Germany; German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), Freiburg, and German Cancer 
Research Center (DKFZ), Heidelberg, Germany.
(15)Department of Medicine I, Medical Center - University of Freiburg, Faculty 
of Medicine, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany; BIOSS Center for 
Biological Signalling Studies, University of Freiburg, Germany; Signalling 
Research Centres BIOSS and CIBSS - Centre for Integrative Biological Signalling 
Studies, University of Freiburg, Germany.

Retraction in
    Cancer Lett. 2022 Jul 1;537:215680. doi: 10.1016/j.canlet.2022.215680.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal 
(https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal). This 
article has been retracted at the request of the Editor-in-Chief. Following the 
publication of the above article, the Editor was notified that an error occurred 
in which all images were published with incorrect versions. The Editor has taken 
the decision that the manuscript is no longer acceptable in its current form, 
nor with a corrigendum, as the extensive changes to the figures and publication 
would lead to ambiguity for our readers. We have therefore made the decision to 
retract this manuscript from Cancer Letters with the possibility of resubmission 
and republication of the manuscript in its corrected form after peer review.

Copyright © 2021 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.canlet.2021.08.012
PMID: 34407431 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


563. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Phys Med. 2021 Sep;89:200-209. doi: 10.1016/j.ejmp.2021.08.001. Epub 2021 Aug 
13.

Surface dose rate variations in planar and curved geometries of (106)Ru/(106)Rh 
plaque sources for ocular tumors.

Bakshi AK(1), Shrivastava V(2), Chattaraj A(2), Samuel K(2), Palani Selvam T(3), 
Sapra BK(3), Sinharoy P(4), Banerjee D(4), Sugilala G(4), Manohar S(5), Kaushik 
CP(4).

Author information:
(1)Radiological Physics & Advisory Division, India; Homi Bhabha National 
Institute, Mumbai 400 094, India. Electronic address: akbakshi@barc.gov.in.
(2)Radiological Physics & Advisory Division, India.
(3)Radiological Physics & Advisory Division, India; Homi Bhabha National 
Institute, Mumbai 400 094, India.
(4)Nuclear Recycle Group, Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Mumbai 400 085, India; 
Homi Bhabha National Institute, Mumbai 400 094, India.
(5)Radiological Physics & Advisory Division, India; Nuclear Recycle Group, 
Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Mumbai 400 085, India; Homi Bhabha National 
Institute, Mumbai 400 094, India.

Retraction in
    Phys Med. 2022 Apr;96:214. doi: 10.1016/j.ejmp.2022.02.016.

PURPOSE: Investigation of surface dose rate variation with respect to the source 
configuration of 106Ru/106Rh eye plaque. To explore an alternate way to 
determine activity of brachytherapy plaques.
METHODS: The surface dose rates of 106Ru/106Rh plaque developed indigenously 
were measured by extrapolation chamber. To rule out possibility of any error in 
the activity distribution and quantity, same source was used in two different 
configurations namely planar and curved. EBT3 Gafchromic film was used for 
determination of uniformity in activity. Monte Carlo-based Codes EGSnrc and 
FLUKA were used to calculate dose rate in tissue, percentage depth dose and for 
determination of activity. Parameters and correction factors were estimated 
using simulations.
RESULTS: The measured reference absorbed dose rates for planar and curved 
106Ru/106Rh eye plaques are found to be 589 ± 29 mGy/h and 560 ± 28 mGy/h, 
respectively. The difference in the reference absorbed dose rate of curved eye 
plaque is about ~5% as compared to planar configuration. The FLUKA-calculated 
dose values are almost independent of cavity length of the extrapolation chamber 
for both eye plaques. The FLUKA-based dose rates per μCi 106Ru/106Rh are about 
17.28 ± 0.08 mGy/h and 16.48 ± 0.06 mGy/h, respectively for planar and curved 
eye plaques which match well with the measurements. The calculated activities 
for planar and curved eye plaques are 34.08 μCi and 33.98 μCi, respectively.
CONCLUSIONS: Surface dose rates for a prototype 106Ru/106Rh eye plaque with 
different configurations were estimated using simulations and measured 
experimentally. An alternate way to determine activity of beta-gamma 
brachytherapy plaque has been proposed.

Copyright © 2021 Associazione Italiana di Fisica Medica. Published by Elsevier 
Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ejmp.2021.08.001
PMID: 34399207 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


564. Front Oncol. 2021 Jul 28;11:702400. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2021.702400. eCollection 
2021.

Computed Tomography-Based Evaluation of Volume and Position Changes of the 
Target Region and Organs at Risk During Radiotherapy for Esophageal Cancer: A 
Pilot Study.

Liu YM(1)(2), Peng YL(1), Li QW(1), Shen G(3), Ma YR(1), Chen MN(1), Zhang J(1), 
Fu LR(4), Qiu B(1), Liu H(1), Deng XW(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center, State 
Key Laboratory of Oncology in South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for 
Cancer Medicine, Guangdong Key Laboratory of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Diagnosis 
and Therapy, Guangzhou, China.
(2)Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical University, Guangzhou, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, The Third Affiliated Hospital of Sun 
Yat-sen University, Guangzhou, China.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xiamen 
University, Xiamen, China.

OBJECTIVE: To analyze changes in volume and position of target regions and 
organs at risk (OARs) during radiotherapy for esophageal cancer patients.
METHODS: Overall, 16 esophageal cancer patients who underwent radiotherapy, 
including 10 cases of intensity-modulated radiation therapy (IMRT) and six of 
three-dimensional conformal radiotherapy (3D-CRT), were enrolled. The 
prescription doses for the planning target volumes (PTVs) were as follows: PTV1, 
64 Gy/32 fractions; and PTV2, 46 Gy/23 fractions. Repeat computed tomography 
(CT) was performed for patients after the 5th, 10th, 15th, 20th, and 25th 
fractions. Delineation of the gross tumor volume (GTV) and OAR volume was 
determined using five repeat CTs performed by the same physician. The target and 
OAR volumes and centroid positions were recorded and used to analyze volume 
change ratio (VCR), center displacement (ΔD), and changes in the distance from 
the OAR centroid positions to the planned radiotherapy isocenter (distance to 
isocenter, DTI) during treatment.
RESULTS: No patient showed significant changes in target volume (TV) after the 
first week of radiotherapy (five fractions). However, TV gradually decreased 
over the following weeks, with the rate slowing after the fourth week (40 Gy). 
The comparison of TV from baseline to 40 Gy (20 fractions) showed that average 
GTVs decreased from 130.7 ± 63.1 cc to 92.1 ± 47.2 cc, with a VCR of -29.21 ± 
13.96% (p<0.01), while the clinical target volume (CTV1) decreased from 276.7 ± 
98.2 cc to 246.7 ± 87.2 cc, with a VCR of -10.34 ± 7.58% (p<0.01). As TVs 
decreased, ΔD increased and DTI decreased. After the fourth week of radiotherapy 
(40 Gy), centroids of GTV, CTV1, and prophylactic CTV (CTV2) showed average 
deviations in ΔD of 7.6 ± 4.0, 6.9 ± 3.4, and 6.0 ± 3.0 mm, respectively. The 
average DTI of the heart decreased by 4.53 mm (from 15.61 ± 2.96 cm to 15.16 ± 
2.27 cm).
CONCLUSION: During radiotherapy for esophageal cancer, Targets and OARs change 
significantly in volume and position during the 2nd-4th weeks. Image-guidance 
and evaluation of dosimetric changes are recommended for these fractions of 
treatment to appropriate adjust treatment plans.

Copyright © 2021 Liu, Peng, Li, Shen, Ma, Chen, Zhang, Fu, Qiu, Liu and Deng.

DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2021.702400
PMCID: PMC8355816
PMID: 34395275

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


565. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2021 Aug 5;2021:6032546. doi: 
10.1155/2021/6032546. eCollection 2021.

Serum MMP-9 and SAA in the Diagnosis of Severe Pneumonia Caused by Radiotherapy 
of Esophageal Cancer.

Zhou Y(1), Liu L(2), Gu W(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of ICU, Zhuji People's Hospital, Shaoxing, Zhejiang Province 
311800, China.
(2)Department of Pediatrics, Zhuji People's Hospital, Shaoxing, Zhejiang 
Province 311800, China.
(3)Department of Gastroenterology, The Ninth People's Hospital, Shanghai 
Jiaotong University School of Medicine, Shanghai 200011, China.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9756594. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9756594.

OBJECTIVE: To explore the relationship and diagnostic value of serum MMP-9 and 
SAA in severe pneumonia (sCAP) caused by radiotherapy of esophageal cancer.
METHODS: A total of 144 esophageal cancer patients who underwent radiotherapy in 
our hospital from April 2016 to February 2018 were collected. Among them, 58 
patients without radiation pneumonitis (RP) were in the control group, 49 
patients with grade 1∼2 RP were in the radiation group, and 37 patients with 
sCAP were in the severe group. The levels of serum MMP-9 and SAA in every group 
of patients were detected. The ROC curve was used to determine the diagnostic 
value of serum MMP-9 and SAA in the diagnosis of RP and sCAP. The correlation 
between serum MMP-9 and SAA and the patient's lung function indexes was 
analyzed, and the logistic single-factor and multivariate analyses were 
performed to analyze the factors of sCAP in esophageal cancer radiotherapy.
RESULTS: PaO2, FVC, and FEV1 decreased in RP and sCAP, and PaCO2, white blood 
cells, serum MMP-9, and SAA levels increased (P < 0.05); serum MMP-9 and SAA 
were negatively correlated with lung function (P < 0.05); the AUC of serum MMP-9 
and SAA in RP was 0.833 and 0.823, respectively, and the AUC of the two combined 
diagnosis of RP was 0.919. The AUC of serum MMP-9 and SAA in sCAP was 0.809 and 
0.797, respectively, and the AUC of both combined diagnosis of sCAP was 0.873; 
logistics multivariate analysis found that serum MMP-9, serum SAA, double lung 
V5, and V20 were independent risk factors for sCAP caused by radiotherapy for 
esophageal cancer (P < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: Serum MMP-9 and SAA increase in RP and sCAP and are negatively 
correlated with lung function in patients with pneumonia. They are independent 
risk factors for severe pneumonia caused by radiotherapy of esophageal cancer 
and have good diagnostic value.

Copyright © 2021 Yu Zhou et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/6032546
PMCID: PMC8363459
PMID: 34394388

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


566. Biochim Biophys Acta Mol Cell Res. 2021 Oct;1868(11):119097. doi: 
10.1016/j.bbamcr.2021.119097. Epub 2021 Aug 7.

Retraction notice to "Neuroendocrine differentiation contributes to 
radioresistance development and metastatic potential increase in non-small cell 
lung cancer" [Biochim. Biophys. Acta, Mol. Cell Res. Volume 1865, Issue 12, 
December 2018, Pages 1878-1890].

Zhu R(1), Yang X(2), Xue X(2), Shen M(2), Chen F(3), Chen X(3), Tsai Y(3), Keng 
PC(3), Chen Y(2), Lee SO(3), Chen Y(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY 14642, USA; Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, 
The Second Affiliated Hospital of Soochow University, Suzhou, Jiangsu 215004, PR 
China.
(2)Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, The Second Affiliated Hospital of 
Soochow University, Suzhou, Jiangsu 215004, PR China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY 14642, USA.

Retraction of
    Biochim Biophys Acta Mol Cell Res. 2018 Dec;1865(12):1878-1890. doi: 
10.1016/j.bbamcr.2018.09.005.

DOI: 10.1016/j.bbamcr.2021.119097
PMID: 34371295


567. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Intell Neurosci. 2021 Jul 22;2021:2486046. doi: 10.1155/2021/2486046. 
eCollection 2021.

Utilization of Artificial Neural Network in Predicting the Total Organic Carbon 
in Devonian Shale Using the Conventional Well Logs and the Spectral Gamma Ray.

Siddig O(1), Abdulhamid Mahmoud A(1), Elkatatny S(1), Soupios P(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Petroleum Engineering, King Fahd University of Petroleum & 
Minerals, Dhahran 31261, Saudi Arabia Box 5049.
(2)Department of Geosciences, King Fahd University of Petroleum & Minerals, 
Dhahran 31261, Saudi Arabia Box 5049.

Retraction in
    Comput Intell Neurosci. 2023 Dec 13;2023:9781451. doi: 10.1155/2023/9781451.

Due to high oil and gas production and consumption, unconventional reservoirs 
attracted significant interest. Total organic carbon (TOC) is a significant 
measure of the quality of unconventional resources. Conventionally, TOC is 
measured experimentally; however, continuous information about TOC is hard to 
obtain due to the samples' limitations, while the developed empirical 
correlations for TOC were found to have modest accuracy when applied in 
different datasets. In this paper, data from Devonian Duvernay shale were used 
to develop an optimized empirical correlation to predict TOC based on an 
artificial neural network (ANN). Three wells' datasets were used to build and 
validate the model containing over 1250 data points, and each data point 
includes values for TOC, density, porosity, resistivity, gamma ray and sonic 
transient time, and spectral gamma ray. The three datasets were used separately 
for training, testing, and validation. The results of the developed correlation 
were compared with three available models. A sensitivity and optimization test 
was performed to reach the best model in terms of average absolute percentage 
error (AAPE) and correlation coefficient (R) between the actual and predicted 
TOC. The new correlation yielded an excellent match with the actual TOC values 
with R values above 0.93 and AAPE values lower than 14%. In the validation 
dataset, the correlation outperformed the other empirical correlations and 
resulted in less than 10% AAPE, in comparison with over 20% AAPE in other 
models. These results imply the applicability of this correlation; therefore, 
all the correlation's parameters are reported to allow its use on different 
datasets.

Copyright © 2021 Osama Siddig et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/2486046
PMCID: PMC8328742
PMID: 34349796 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no conflicts 
of interest.


568. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Exp Ther Med. 2021 Sep;22(3):1007. doi: 10.3892/etm.2021.10440. Epub 2021 Jul 
15.

Knockdown of circ_0001883 may inhibit epithelial-mesenchymal transition in 
laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma via the miR-125-5p/PI3K/AKT axis.

Chen F(1), Lao Z(2), Zhang H(1), Wang J(1), Wang S(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Eye and ENT Hospital of Fudan University, 
Shanghai 200031, P.R. China.
(2)Radiotherapy Division, Department of Oral and Maxillofacial-Head and Neck 
Oncology, Ninth People's Hospital Affiliated to Shanghai Jiao Tong University 
School of Medicine, Shanghai 200011, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Exp Ther Med. 2024 Feb 05;27(4):129. doi: 10.3892/etm.2024.12417.

Laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma (LSCC) is a malignant tumor with increasing 
incidence and poor prognosis. Circular RNAs (circRNAs) are known to modulate 
tumorigenesis and cancer development that may function through microRNAs (miRs). 
The aim of the present study was to investigate the functional roles of 
circ_0001883 in LSCC and the underlying molecular mechanism. The expression of 
circ_0001883 was upregulated and measured using reverse 
transcription-quantitative PCR (RT-qPCR) and RNase R. miR-125b-5p expression was 
downregulated in LSCC tissues and cells as determined using RT-qPCR. 
Subsequently, knockdown of circ_0001883 inhibited LSCC cell migration, invasion 
and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), which were tested by wound healing 
assays, Transwell assays and western blotting, respectively. Bioinformatics 
analysis predicted that circ_0001883 was a sponge of miR-125b-5p, which was 
verified using a dual-luciferase reporter assay. Knockdown of circ_0001883 
played a functional role by sponging miR-125b-5p. Additionally, circ_0001883 and 
miR-125b-5p influenced phosphorylation of PI3K and AKT, detected via western 
blotting. In an in vivo study, knockdown of circ_0001883 reduced tumor volume 
and weight in mice, along with enhanced miR-125b-5p and E-cadherin expression 
levels, and decreased N-cadherin, phosphorylated (p)-PI3K/PI3K and p-AKT/AKT 
ratios. In conclusion, knockdown of circ_0001883 inhibited cell migration, 
invasion and EMT of LSCC by sponging miR-125b-5p. This is hypothesized to be via 
the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway, which suggested that circ_0001883 has potential 
for LSCC therapy.

Copyright: © Chen et al.

DOI: 10.3892/etm.2021.10440
PMCID: PMC8311254
PMID: 34345289

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


569. J Toxicol Sci. 2021;46(8):359-369. doi: 10.2131/jts.46.359.

Chronic cardiotoxicity assessment of BMS-986094, a guanosine nucleotide 
analogue, using human iPS cell-derived cardiomyocytes.

Yanagida S(1)(2), Satsuka A(1), Hayashi S(1), Ono A(2), Kanda Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Division of Pharmacology, National Institute of Health Sciences (NIHS).
(2)Division of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Graduated School of Medicine, Dentistry 
and Pharmaceutical Sciences, Okayama University.

Predicting drug-induced side effects in the cardiovascular system is very 
important because it can lead to the discontinuation of new drugs/candidates or 
the withdrawal of marketed drugs. Although chronic assessment of cardiac 
contractility is an important issue in safety pharmacology, an in vitro 
evaluation system has not been fully developed. We previously developed an 
imaging-based contractility assay system to detect acute cardiotoxicity using 
human iPS cell-derived cardiomyocytes (hiPSC-CMs). To extend the system to 
chronic toxicity assessment, we examined the effects of the anti-hepatitis C 
virus (HCV) drug candidate BMS-986094, a guanosine nucleotide analogue, which 
was withdrawn from phase 2 clinical trials because of unexpected contractility 
toxicities. Additionally, we examined sofosbuvir, another nucleotide analogue 
inhibitor of HCV that has been approved as an anti-HCV drug. Motion imaging 
analysis revealed the difference in cardiotoxicity between the cardiotoxic 
BMS-986094 and the less toxic sofosbuvir in hiPSC-CMs, with a minimum of 4 days 
of treatment. In addition, we found that BMS-986094-induced contractility 
impairment was mediated by a decrease in calcium transient. These data suggest 
that chronic treatment improves the predictive power for the cardiotoxicity of 
anti-HCV drugs. Thus, hiPSC-CMs can be a useful tool to assess drug-induced 
chronic cardiotoxicity in non-clinical settings.

DOI: 10.2131/jts.46.359
PMID: 34334557 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


570. J Neurosurg. 2021 Jul 30;136(2):543-552. doi: 10.3171/2020.12.JNS203437. Print 
2022 Feb 1.

Intraoperative overlay of optic radiation tractography during anteromesial 
temporal resection: a prospective validation study.

Vakharia VN(1)(2), Vos SB(3), Winston GP(1)(2)(4), Gutman MJ(5), Wykes V(6)(7), 
McEvoy AW(1)(2), Miserocchi A(1)(2), Sparks R(8), Ourselin S(8), Duncan 
JS(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)1Department of Clinical and Experimental Epilepsy, University College London 
and Epilepsy Society MRI Unit, London.
(2)2National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery, Queen Square, London.
(3)3Wellcome/EPSRC Centre for Interventional and Surgical Sciences, University 
College London, United Kingdom.
(4)4Department of Medicine, Division of Neurology, Queen's University, Kingston, 
Ontario, Canada.
(5)5Alfred Health, Melbourne, Australia.
(6)6Institute of Cancer and Genomic Sciences, University of Birmingham.
(7)7Department of Neurosurgery, Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Birmingham; and.
(8)8School of Biomedical Engineering and Imaging Sciences, St Thomas' Hospital, 
King's College London, United Kingdom.

OBJECTIVE: Anteromesial temporal lobe resection (ATLR) results in long-term 
seizure freedom in patients with drug-resistant focal mesial temporal lobe 
epilepsy (MTLE). There is significant anatomical variation in the anterior 
projection of the optic radiation (OR), known as Meyer's loop, between 
individuals and between hemispheres in the same individual. Damage to the OR 
results in contralateral superior temporal quadrantanopia that may preclude 
driving in 33%-66% of patients who achieve seizure freedom. Tractography of the 
OR has been shown to prevent visual field deficit (VFD) when surgery is 
performed in an interventional MRI (iMRI) suite. Because access to iMRI is 
limited at most centers, the authors investigated whether use of a 
neuronavigation system with a microscope overlay in a conventional theater is 
sufficient to prevent significant VFD during ATLR.
METHODS: Twenty patients with drug-resistant MTLE who underwent ATLR (9 
underwent right-side ATLR, and 9 were male) were recruited to participate in 
this single-center prospective cohort study. Tractography of the OR was 
performed with preoperative 3-T multishell diffusion data that were overlaid 
onto the surgical field by using a conventional neuronavigation system linked to 
a surgical microscope. Phantom testing confirmed overlay projection errors of < 
1 mm. VFD was quantified preoperatively and 3 to 12 months postoperatively by 
using Humphrey and Esterman perimetry.
RESULTS: Perimetry results were available for all patients postoperatively, but 
for only 11/20 (55%) patients preoperatively. In 1/20 (5%) patients, a 
significant VFD occurred that would prevent driving in the UK on the basis of 
the results on Esterman perimetry. The VFD was identified early in the series, 
despite the surgical approach not transgressing OR tractography, and was 
subsequently found to be due to retraction injury. Tractography was also used 
from this point onward to inform retractor placement, and no further significant 
VFDs occurred.
CONCLUSIONS: Use of OR tractography with overlay outside of an iMRI suite, with 
application of an appropriate error margin, can be used during approach to the 
temporal horn of the lateral ventricle and carries a 5% risk of VFD that is 
significant enough to preclude driving postoperatively. OR tractography can also 
be used to inform retractor placement. These results warrant a larger 
prospective comparative study of the use of OR tractography-guided mesial 
temporal resection.

DOI: 10.3171/2020.12.JNS203437
PMID: 34330090 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


571. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Drug Des Devel Ther. 2021 Jul 17;15:3151-3162. doi: 10.2147/DDDT.S316247. 
eCollection 2021.

Evaluation of Natural Bioactive-Derived Punicalagin Niosomes in Skin-Aging 
Processes Accelerated by Oxidant and Ultraviolet Radiation.

Mohamad EA(1), Aly AA(2), Khalaf AA(2), Ahmed MI(2), Kamel RM(2), Abdelnaby 
SM(2), Abdelzaher YH(2), Sedrak MG(2), Mousa SA(3).

Author information:
(1)Biophysics Department, Faculty of Science, Cairo University, Giza, Egypt.
(2)Biotechnology/Biomolecular Chemistry Program, Faculty of Science, Cairo 
University, Giza, Egypt.
(3)The Pharmaceutical Research Institute, Albany College of Pharmacy and Health 
Sciences, Rensselaer, NY, USA.

Retraction in
    Drug Des Devel Ther. 2023 Mar 13;17:807-808. doi: 10.2147/DDDT.S411775.

INTRODUCTION: Skin aging is a normal process that might be accelerated or 
delayed by altering the balance between antioxidants and free radicals due to 
increase in the exposure to reactive oxygen species (ROS) into skin cells via UV 
radiation. Antioxidants can neutralize the harmful effects of ROS, and secondary 
plant metabolites might help protect against UV radiation.
METHODS: In this study, punicalagin was extracted from pomegranate, and 
concentrations of total polyphenolics and flavonoids were determined, and 
antioxidant activities were measured. Punicalagin was loaded onto niosomes, and 
its morphology and release were studied. An in vitro study was performed on 
human fibroblast cell line HFB4 cells with aging induced by H2O2 and UV 
radiation. Cell cycle arrest was studied, and different genes (MMP3, Col1A1, 
Timp3, and TERT) involved in the skin aging process were selected to measure 
punicalagin's effect.
RESULTS: Punicalagin succeeded in reducing the growth arrest of HFB4 cells, 
activated production of the Col1A1 and Timp3 genes, maintained collagen level, 
and lowered MMP3. Punicalagin increased human TERT concentration in skin cells.
DISCUSSION: Punicalagin is promising as a natural antioxidant to protect human 
skin from aging.

© 2021 Mohamad et al.

DOI: 10.2147/DDDT.S316247
PMCID: PMC8311472
PMID: 34321865 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest for this work.


572. Neurosurgery. 2021 Sep 15;89(4):E237-E238. doi: 10.1093/neuros/nyab280.

Withdrawn as duplicate: Commentary: "Zooming in" on Glioblastoma: Understanding 
Tumor Heterogeneity and its Clinical Implications in the Era of Single-Cell 
Ribonucleic Acid Sequencing.

Lucas A(1)(2), Eberwine JH(1)(2)(3), Bagley SJ(2)(4)(5), Fan Y(2)(5)(6), 
Nasrallah M(2)(5)(7), Brem S(2)(5)(8).

Author information:
(1)Perelman School of Medicine, Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.
(2)University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.
(3)Department of Pharmacology, Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.
(4)Division of Hematology/Oncology, Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.
(5)Glioblastoma Translational Center of Excellence, Abramson Cancer Center, 
Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.
(6)Department of Radiation Oncology, Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.
(7)Department of Pathology, Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.
(8)Department of Neurosurgery, Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, 
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.

This article has been withdrawn due to an error that caused the article to be 
duplicated. The definitive version of this article is published under DOI 
10.1093/neuros/nyab288.

© Congress of Neurological Surgeons 2021.

DOI: 10.1093/neuros/nyab280
PMID: 34318887


573. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2021 Jun 30;2021:9982888. doi: 10.1155/2021/9982888. eCollection 
2021.

Nursing Observation on the Clinical Efficacy and Toxicity of Lobaplatin Compared 
with Cisplatin in the Treatment of Locally Advanced Hypopharyngeal Carcinoma 
Based on Intelligent CT Imaging.

Li Y(1), Yang G(1), Li M(1), Tong X(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, The Third Affiliated Hospital of Qiqihar Medical 
University, Qiqihar 161000, Heilongjiang, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Jan 19;2023:9846052. doi: 10.1155/2023/9846052.

With the acceleration of people's life rhythm, the incidence of hypopharyngeal 
cancer has generally increased. This study mainly explores the clinical efficacy 
and toxicity of lobaplatin compared with cisplatin in the treatment of locally 
advanced hypopharyngeal carcinoma based on intelligent CT imaging. Group A 
received lobaplatin combined with docetaxel induction chemotherapy for 2 cycles 
after cisplatin combined with intensity-modulated radiotherapy. Lobaplatin was 
added to the patient, then, 200 ml of 5% glucose was added, and the patient was 
injected intravenously for 1.8 hours. After 2 cycles of induction chemotherapy, 
simultaneous lobaplatin chemotherapy was performed every week for 5 weeks 
(10 mg/week), and the efficacy was evaluated after 4 consecutive courses of 
treatment. Group B received cisplatin combined with docetaxel induction 
chemotherapy after 2 cycles of cisplatin combined with intensity-modulated 
radiotherapy. Group C was the control group and was not treated with cisplatin 
or docetaxel. Stomach protection treatment was given in time throughout the 
treatment process. All patients underwent normal CT (NCCT) and enhanced CT 
(CECT) examinations before treatment. We extracted 5 mm plain scan CTQNCCT and 
enhanced CT (CECT) digital DICOM images from the PACS system for omics feature 
selection. Toxic and side effects are rated in different degrees according to 
the evaluation criteria of the National Cancer Institute (NCD) common adverse 
events. Blood routine and liver and kidney function tests were checked every 
week, and the medication was stopped immediately if there is a serious reaction. 
In addition, in vitro cell culture was set up to test the inhibitory effect of 
cisplatin and lobaplatin on the proliferation of cancer cells. The incidence of 
digestive tract reaction was 13.0% in the A plan group and 58.3% in the B plan 
group. The A group was lower than the B group, and the difference was 
statistically significant (P=0.001 < 0.05). Compared with cisplatin, lobaplatin 
has a milder gastrointestinal reaction, and there is no common hepatic and renal 
toxicity of cisplatin. This study is helpful to provide guidance for the 
clinical efficacy of locally advanced hypopharyngeal cancer treatment.

Copyright © 2021 Yunyan Li et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/9982888
PMCID: PMC8266440
PMID: 34306603 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


574. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Intell Neurosci. 2021 Jul 6;2021:1716182. doi: 10.1155/2021/1716182. 
eCollection 2021.

Gene Position Index Mutation Detection Algorithm Based on Feedback Fast Learning 
Neural Network.

Zuo Z(1), Tang C(2), Xu Y(2)(3), Wang Y(2), Wu Y(2), Qi J(2), Shi X(2).

Author information:
(1)Chongqing Key Laboratory of Spatial Data Mining and Big Data Integration for 
Ecology and Environment, Chongqing Finance and Economics College, Chongqing 
401320, China.
(2)Radiation & Cancer Biology Laboratory, Radiation Oncology Center, Chongqing 
Key Laboratory of Translational Research for Cancer Metastasis and 
Individualized Treatment, Chongqing University Cancer Hospital & Chongqing 
Cancer Institute & Chongqing Cancer Hospital, Chongqing 400030, China.
(3)College of Bioengineering, Chongqing University, Chongqing, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Intell Neurosci. 2023 Dec 13;2023:9831718. doi: 10.1155/2023/9831718.

In the detection of genome variation, the research on the internal correlation 
of reference genome is deepening; the detection of variation in genome sequence 
has become the focus of research, and it has also become an effective path to 
find new genes and new functional proteins. The targeted sequencing sequence is 
used to sequence the exon region of a specific gene in cancer gene detection, 
and the sequencing depth is relatively large. Traditional alignment algorithms 
will lose some sequences, which will lead to inaccurate mutation detection. This 
paper proposes a mutation detection algorithm based on feedback fast learning 
neural network position index. By establishing a position index relationship for 
ACGT in the DNA sequence, the subsequence is decomposed into the position 
relationship of different subsequences corresponding to the main sequence. The 
positional relationship of the subsequence in the main sequence is determined by 
the positional relationship. Analyzing SNP and InDel mutations, even structural 
mutations, through the position correlation of sequences has the advantages of 
high precision and easy implementation by personal computers. The feedback fast 
learning neural network is used to verify whether there is a linear relationship 
between two or more positions. Experimental results show that the mutation 
points detected by position index are more than those detected by Bcftools, 
Freebye, Vanscan2, and Gatk.

Copyright © 2021 Zhike Zuo et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/1716182
PMCID: PMC8279879
PMID: 34306047 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest regarding this work.


575. Int J Mol Med. 2021 Sep;48(3):180. doi: 10.3892/ijmm.2021.5013. Epub 2021 Jul 
23.

[Retracted] MicroRNA‑718 serves a tumor‑suppressive role in non‑small cell lung 
cancer by directly targeting CCNB1.

Wang S(1), Sun H(2), Zhan X(2), Wang Q(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, Jilin 130041, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Thoracic Oncosurgery, Jilin Province Tumor Hospital, Changchun, 
Jilin 130012, P.R. China.

Retraction of
    Int J Mol Med. 2020 Jan;45(1):33-44. doi: 10.3892/ijmm.2019.4396.

Following the publication of this paper, the authors have contacted the 
Editorial Office to explain that they are unable to reproduce the results of 
their experiments designed to show the regulatory actions of miR‑718 on the 
proliferation of non‑small cell lung cancer, and consequently they wish to 
retract the paper. The Editor of International Jounal of Molecular Medicine has 
granted their request that the paper be retracted. All the authors agree to this 
retraction. The Editor and the authors apologize to the readership for any 
inconvenience caused. [the original article was published in International 
Journal of Molecular Medicine 45: 33‑44, 2020; DOI: 10.3892/ijmm.2019.4396].

DOI: 10.3892/ijmm.2021.5013
PMCID: PMC8354306
PMID: 34296291


576. J Cell Biochem. 2021 Nov;122 Suppl 1:S115. doi: 10.1002/jcb.30095. Epub 2021 Jul 
19.

Retraction.

[No authors listed]

Retraction of
    J Cell Biochem. 2018 Sep;119(9):7873-7886. doi: 10.1002/jcb.27204.

Retraction: ''MicroRNA-198 inhibition of HGF/c-MET signaling pathway overcomes 
resistance to radiotherapy and induces apoptosis in human non-small-cell lung 
cancer,'' by Lin Zhu, Feng Xue, Xiangying Xu, Jianyu Xu, Songliu Hu, Shanshan 
Liu, Ying Cui, Chunzi Gao, J Cell Biochem. 2018; 7873-7886: The above article, 
published online on 26 June 2018 in Wiley Online Library 
(https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1002/jcb.27204), has been retracted 
by agreement between the journal's Editor in Chief, Prof. Dr. Christian Behl, 
and Wiley Periodicals LLC. The retraction has been agreed following an 
investigation based on allegations raised by a third party. Several flaws and 
inconsistencies between results presented and experimental methods described 
were found. Thus, the editors consider the conclusions of this article to be 
invalid.

© 2021 Wiley Periodicals LLC.

DOI: 10.1002/jcb.30095
PMID: 34288099


577. Pak J Pharm Sci. 2021 Jan;34(1(Supplementary)):359-365.

Cardioprotective effect of boswellic acids against doxorubicin induced 
myocardial infarction in rats.

Shahid MH(1), Anjum I(1), Mushtaq MN(1), Riaz S(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Pharmacy, The University of Lahore, 
Lahore, Pakistan.
(2)National Hospital and Medical Centre, 132/2 Street 123, Sector L, DHA, 
Phase-I, Lahore, Pakistan.

The aim of the present study was to evaluate the cardioprotective activity of 
boswellic acids in doxorubicin (DOX) induced cardiotoxicity. DOX (2.5mg/kg) was 
used intraperitoneally in rats to induce cardiotoxicity in six divided doses 
every alternate day over a period of two weeks. Dexrazoxane (10:1) was used as a 
standard drug. Boswellic acids (250, 500 and 750 mg/kg) were orally administered 
to rats for 14 days. After 14 days, rats were sacrificed, and blood was 
withdrawn through cardiac puncture. The blood lipid profile and cardiac 
biomarkers including LDH, CK-MB, CPK, SGOT and troponin T were measured. The 
heart of rats was isolated for histopathological studies. Graphpad Prism was 
used for statistical analysis. There was a significant increase in the level of 
cardiac enzymes and complete lipid profile parameters in diseased group as 
compared to control group. Pre-treatment with boswellic acids decreased level of 
all the measured parameters and decreased the severity of myocardial damage as 
supported by histopathological studies. It was concluded that boswellic acids 
possess cardioprotective potential by lowering cardiac biomarkers and blood 
lipid profile. Thus, boswellic acids might act as cardioprotective agent against 
doxorubicin induced cardiotoxicity.

PMID: 34275862 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


578. Case Rep Oncol. 2021 Jun 21;14(2):972-976. doi: 10.1159/000517008. eCollection 
2021 May-Aug.

Cemiplimab for Cisplatin Resistant Metastatic Penile Cancer.

Denis C(1), Sakalihasan S(1), Frères P(1), Withofs N(2), Sautois B(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Oncology, University Hospital of Liege, CHU Sart 
Tilman, Liège, Belgium.
(2)Division of Nuclear Medicine and Oncological Imaging, Department of Medical 
Physics, University Hospital of Liege, CHU Sart Tilman, Liège, Belgium.

We report on a 75-year old man who presented with metastatic, squamous-cell 
carcinoma (SCC) of the penis whose disease had progressed after radiotherapy 
(RT) and cisplatin-based chemotherapy (CT). A strong PD-L1 expression as well as 
a CDKN2A mutation was documented, and he was given cemiplimab every 3 weeks at 
time of disease progression. Complete response (CR) was demonstrated after 10 
cycles, and no toxicity was reported. However, this treatment was stopped after 
13 cycles when the patient developed moderate severe acute respiratory syndrome 
coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) pneumonitis which required a 2-week hospitalization 
for oxygen support. Six months later, he remains in CR. To our knowledge, this 
is the first demonstration of a CR with cemiplimab in a metastatic penile SCC 
patient previously treated with CT and RT for relapse. Furthermore, the patient 
remains disease-free despite cemiplimab was withdrawn due to SARS-CoV-2 
pneumonitis.

Copyright © 2021 by S. Karger AG, Basel.

DOI: 10.1159/000517008
PMCID: PMC8261263
PMID: 34267641

Conflict of interest statement: Brieuc Sautois has served in a consulting or 
advisory role for Clovis Oncology, Astellas, Janssen, and Sanofi and received 
financial support for travel and/or accommodation from Janssen. The other 
authors have nothing to declare.


579. Pediatr Blood Cancer. 2021 Sep;68(9):e29220. doi: 10.1002/pbc.29220. Epub 2021 
Jul 10.

Impact of central nervous system-directed treatment on competence and adjustment 
among children in early cancer survivorship.

Winning AM(1), Moscato EL(1), Lehmann V(2), Keim MC(1), Rausch JR(1)(3), Lipak 
KG(1), Himelhoch AC(1), Murphy LK(4), Prussien KV(4), Olshefski RS(3)(5), 
Vannatta K(1)(3), Compas BE(4), Gerhardt CA(1)(3).

Author information:
(1)Center for Biobehavioral Health, The Abigail Wexner Research Institute at 
Nationwide Children's Hospital, Columbus, Ohio, USA.
(2)Department of Medical Psychology, Cancer Center Amsterdam, Amsterdam 
University Medical Centers, Amsterdam, USA.
(3)Department of Pediatrics, The Ohio State University College of Medicine, 
Columbus, Ohio, USA.
(4)Department of Psychology and Human Development, Vanderbilt University, 
Nashville, Tennessee, USA.
(5)Division of Hematology/Oncology/BMT, Nationwide Children's Hospital, 
Columbus, Ohio, USA.

BACKGROUND: Central nervous system (CNS)-directed treatments can cause long-term 
academic, social, and emotional difficulties for children with cancer. However, 
limited research has examined the emergence of problems longitudinally and has 
often stratified risk by diagnosis alone. Therefore, this study compared 
competence and adjustment in children, who did and did not receive CNS-directed 
treatment, over the first 3 years following a cancer diagnosis.
PROCEDURE: Mothers, fathers, and children (ages 5-18 years at diagnosis) from 
217 families reported on the child's competence (academic, social) and 
adjustment (anxious/depressed, withdrawn/depressed) near a new cancer diagnosis 
or relapse and 3 years later. Children were categorized into CNS-directed 
treatment (n = 112; including cranial radiation, intrathecal chemotherapy, 
and/or neurosurgery) and non-CNS-directed treatment (n = 105) groups.
RESULTS: At enrollment, there were few differences in competence and emotional 
adjustment among children based on treatment or diagnostic group. At 3 years, 
mothers and fathers reported poorer social competence for the CNS-directed 
treatment group, and fathers reported poorer school competence for the 
CNS-directed treatment group. Over time, father ratings of social competence 
increased for the non-CNS-directed treatment group, but not the CNS-directed 
treatment group. While father ratings of academic competence declined for the 
CNS-directed treatment group, mother ratings declined the most for children 
diagnosed with a brain tumor. All children demonstrated higher anxious/depressed 
scores over time.
CONCLUSIONS: CNS-directed treatment may be a valuable indicator to identify 
childhood cancer survivors at risk for poor competence during early 
survivorship. Follow-up screening and supportive services are recommended, as 
well as additional longitudinal research.

© 2021 Wiley Periodicals LLC.

DOI: 10.1002/pbc.29220
PMID: 34245215 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


580. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Lancet Oncol. 2021 Aug;22(8):1093-1102. doi: 10.1016/S1470-2045(21)00286-2. Epub 
2021 Jul 5.

Stereotactic body radiotherapy plus pembrolizumab and trametinib versus 
stereotactic body radiotherapy plus gemcitabine for locally recurrent pancreatic 
cancer after surgical resection: an open-label, randomised, controlled, phase 2 
trial.

Zhu X(1), Cao Y(1), Liu W(2), Ju X(1), Zhao X(1), Jiang L(1), Ye Y(1), Jin G(3), 
Zhang H(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Changhai Hospital affiliated to Naval 
Medical University, Shanghai, China.
(2)Department of Hepatobiliary and Pancreatic Surgery, Changhai Hospital 
affiliated to Naval Medical University, Shanghai, China.
(3)Department of Hepatobiliary and Pancreatic Surgery, Changhai Hospital 
affiliated to Naval Medical University, Shanghai, China. Electronic address: 
jingang@hotmail.com.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Changhai Hospital affiliated to Naval 
Medical University, Shanghai, China. Electronic address: chyyzhj@163.com.

Retraction in
    Lancet Oncol. 2022 Mar;23(3):330. doi: 10.1016/S1470-2045(22)00064-X.

Comment in
    Lancet Oncol. 2021 Oct;22(10):e423. doi: 10.1016/S1470-2045(21)00489-7.
    Lancet Oncol. 2021 Oct;22(10):e424. doi: 10.1016/S1470-2045(21)00529-5.

BACKGROUND: There is paucity of investigations into immunotherapy or targeted 
therapy for postoperative locally recurrent pancreatic cancer. We aimed to 
assess the efficacy of stereotactic body radiotherapy (SBRT) plus pembrolizumab 
and trametinib in these patients.
METHODS: In this open-label, randomised, controlled, phase 2 study, participants 
were recruited from Changhai Hospital affiliated to Naval Medical University, 
Shanghai, China. Eligible patients were aged 18 years or older with 
histologically confirmed pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma characterised by 
mutant KRAS and positive immunohistochemical staining of PD-L1, Eastern 
Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 or 1, and documented local 
recurrence after surgery followed by chemotherapy (mFOLFIRINOX or 
5-fluorouracil). Eligible participants were randomly assigned (1:1) using an 
interactive voice or web response system, without stratification, to receive 
SBRT with doses ranging from 35-40 Gy in five fractions, intravenous 
pembrolizumab 200 mg once every 3 weeks, and oral trametinib 2 mg once daily or 
SBRT (same regimen) and intravenous gemcitabine (1000 mg/m2) on day 1 and 8 of a 
21-day cycle for eight cycles until disease progression, death, unacceptable 
toxicity, or consent withdrawal. The primary endpoint was overall survival in 
the intention-to-treat population. Safety was assessed in the as-treated 
population in all participants who received at least one dose of study 
treatment. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02704156, and is 
now complete.
FINDINGS: Between Oct 10, 2016, and Oct 28, 2017, 198 patients were screen, of 
whom 170 patients were enrolled and randomly assigned to receive SBRT plus 
pembrolizumab and trametinib (n=85) or SBRT plus gemcitabine (n=85). As of the 
clinical cutoff date (Nov 30, 2020), median follow-up was 23·3 months (IQR 
20·5-27·4). Median overall survival was 24·9 months (23·3-26·5) with SBRT plus 
pembrolizumab and trametinib and 22·4 months (95% CI 21·2-23·6) with SBRT plus 
gemcitabine (hazard ratio [HR] 0·60 [95% CI 0·44-0·82]; p=0·0012). The most 
common grade 3 or 4 adverse effects were increased alanine aminotransferase or 
aspartate aminotransferase (ten [12%] of 85 in SBRT plus pembrolizumab and 
trametinib group vs six [7%] of 85 in SBRT plus gemcitabine group), increased 
blood bilirubin (four [5%] vs none), neutropenia (one [1%] vs nine [11%]), and 
thrombocytopenia (one [1%] vs four [5%]). Serious adverse events were reported 
by 19 (22%) participants in the SBRT plus pembrolizumab and trametinib group and 
12 (14%) in the SBRT plus gemcitabine group. No treatment-related deaths 
occurred.
INTERPRETATION: The combination of SBRT plus pembrolizumab and trametinib could 
be a novel treatment option for patients with locally recurrent pancreatic 
cancer after surgery. Phase 3 trials are needed to confirm our findings.
FUNDING: Shanghai Shenkang Center and Changhai Hospital.
TRANSLATION: For the Chinese translation of the abstract see Supplementary 
Materials section.

Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/S1470-2045(21)00286-2
PMID: 34237249 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of interests We declare no competing 
interests.


581. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Manag Res. 2021 Jun 28;13:5077-5089. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S276964. 
eCollection 2021.

CircASXL1 Knockdown Restrains Hypoxia-Induced DDP Resistance and NSCLC 
Progression by Sponging miR-206.

Yu L(1), Li J(2), Peng B(1), Cai P(1), Zhao B(1), Chen Y(3), Zhu H(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Jing Men No. 2 People's Hospital, Jingmen, Hubei, 
448000, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Imaging, Jing Men No. 2 People's Hospital, Jingmen, Hubei, 
448000, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Jing Men No. 2 People's Hospital, Jingmen, Hubei, 
448000, People's Republic of China.
(4)Department of Emergency, Jing Men No. 1 People's Hospital, Jingmen, Hubei, 
448000, People's Republic of China.

Retraction in
    Cancer Manag Res. 2022 Jul 15;14:2203-2204. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S382248.

BACKGROUND: Non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) is a primary prevalent type of 
cancer in people worldwide. Cisplatin (DDP) has been widely used to treat NSCLC; 
however, its curative effect was restrained under hypoxia. In this study, the 
effects of hypoxia treatment on DDP resistance and NSCLC progression and 
underneath mechanism were revealed.
METHODS: The expression of circular RNA ASXL1 (circASXL1) and microRNA-206 
(miR-206) in NSCLC tissues, cells and hypoxia-mediated NSCLC cells was 
determined by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). The 
expression of proliferation, metastasis and apoptosis-related proteins, drug 
resistance-related protein and hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha (HIF-1α) protein 
was detected by Western blot. The effects of circASXL1 knockdown on 
hypoxia-induced DDP resistance and NSCLC progression were revealed by cell 
counting kit-8 proliferation (CCK-8), cell colony formation, transwell and flow 
apoptosis assays. RNA immunoprecipitation (RIP) assay was performed to determine 
whether circASXL1 could form silence-inducing complexes with miRNA. The 
associated relationship between circASXL1 and miR-206 was predicted by circBank 
online database, and identified by RNA pull-down and dual-luciferase reporter 
assays. The effects between circASXL1 knockdown and miR-206 downregulation on 
tumor growth in vivo were investigated by in vivo tumor formation assay.
RESULTS: CircASXL1 expression was dramatically upregulated, whereas miR-206 was 
significantly down-regulated in NSCLC tissues, cells and hypoxia-mediated NSCLC 
cells as compared to control groups. CircASXL1 knockdown reversed 
hypoxia-mediated promotion effects on DDP resistance, cell proliferation, 
migration, and invasion, and inhibition impact on cell apoptosis, whereas these 
effects were restored by miR-206 inhibitor. Additionally, circASXL1 was found to 
form silence-inducing complexes with miRNA and act as a sponge of miR-206. 
CircASXL1 silencing downregulated HIF-1α expression by controlling miR-206 
expression. Furthermore, circASXL1 silencing repressed tumor growth in vivo by 
sponging miR-206.
CONCLUSION: CircASXL1 knockdown inhibited DDP resistance, cell proliferation, 
migration and invasion, whereas induced cell apoptosis under hypoxia by 
associating with miR-206 in NSCLC. This study provides a new sight in treating 
NSCLC with DDP under hypoxia.

© 2021 Yu et al.

DOI: 10.2147/CMAR.S276964
PMCID: PMC8253994
PMID: 34234552

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no financial 
and/or other conflicts of interest in this work.


582. PLoS One. 2021 Jul 7;16(7):e0252924. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0252924. 
eCollection 2021.

The drug development pipeline for glioblastoma-A cross sectional assessment of 
the FDA Orphan Drug Product designation database.

Johann P(1)(2), Lenz D(3), Ries M(3)(4).

Author information:
(1)German Cancer Research Center (DKFZ), Division of Paediatric Neurooncology, 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(2)Paediatric and Adolescent Medicine, Swabian Children's Cancer Center 
Augsburg, Augsburg, Germany.
(3)Paediatric Neurology and Metabolic Medicine, Center for Paediatric and 
Adolescent Medicine, University Hospital Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany.
(4)Center for Rare Disorders, University Hospital Heidelberg, Heidelberg, 
Germany.

BACKGROUND: Glioblastoma (GBM) is the most common malignant brain tumour among 
adult patients and represents an almost universally fatal disease. Novel 
therapies for GBM are being developed under the orphan drug legislation and the 
knowledge on the molecular makeup of this disease has been increasing rapidly. 
However, the clinical outcomes in GBM patients with currently available 
therapies are still dismal. An insight into the current drug development 
pipeline for GBM is therefore of particular interest.
OBJECTIVES: To provide a quantitative clinical-regulatory insight into the 
status of FDA orphan drug designations for compounds intended to treat GBM.
METHODS: Quantitative cross-sectional analysis of the U.S. Food and Drug 
Administration Orphan Drug Product database between 1983 and 2020. STROBE 
criteria were respected.
RESULTS: Four orphan drugs out of 161 (2,4%) orphan drug designations were 
approved for the treatment for GBM by the FDA between 1983 and 2020. Fourteen 
orphan drug designations were subsequently withdrawn for unknown reasons. The 
number of orphan drug designations per year shows a growing trend. In the last 
decade, the therapeutic mechanism of action of designated compounds intended to 
treat glioblastoma shifted from cytotoxic drugs (median year of designation 
2008) to immunotherapeutic approaches and small molecules (median year of 
designation 2014 and 2015 respectively) suggesting an increased focus on 
precision in the therapeutic mechanism of action for compounds the development 
pipeline.
CONCLUSION: Despite the fact that current pharmacological treatment options in 
GBM are sparse, the drug development pipeline is steadily growing. In 
particular, the surge of designated immunotherapies detected in the last years 
raises the hope that elaborate combination possibilities between classical 
therapeutic backbones (radiotherapy and chemotherapy) and novel, currently 
experimental therapeutics may help to provide better therapies for this deadly 
disease in the future.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0252924
PMCID: PMC8263276
PMID: 34234357 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


583. Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2021 Jul 6;7(7):CD013277. doi: 
10.1002/14651858.CD013277.pub2.

Sunlight for the prevention and treatment of hyperbilirubinemia in term and late 
preterm neonates.

Horn D(1), Ehret D(1), Gautham KS(2), Soll R(1).

Author information:
(1)Division of Neonatal-Perinatal Medicine, Department of Pediatrics, Larner 
College of Medicine at the University of Vermont, Burlington, Vermont, USA.
(2)Section of Neonatology, Department of Pediatrics, Baylor College of Medicine, 
Houston, Texas, USA.

Comment in
    Neonatology. 2022;119(3):295-299. doi: 10.1159/000524319.

BACKGROUND: Acute bilirubin encephalopathy (ABE) and the other serious 
complications of severe hyperbilirubinemia in the neonate occur far more 
frequently in low- and middle-income countries (LMIC). This is due to several 
factors that place babies in LMIC at greater risk for hyperbilirubinemia, 
including increased prevalence of hematologic disorders leading to hemolysis, 
increased sepsis, less prenatal or postnatal care, and a lack of resources to 
treat jaundiced babies. Hospitals and clinics face frequent shortages of 
functioning phototherapy machines and inconsistent access to electricity to run 
the machines. Sunlight has the potential to treat hyperbilirubinemia: it 
contains the wavelengths of light that are produced by phototherapy machines. 
However, it contains harmful ultraviolet light and infrared radiation, and 
prolonged exposure has the potential to lead to sunburn, skin damage, and 
hyperthermia or hypothermia.
OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the efficacy of sunlight administered alone or with 
filtering or amplifying devices for the prevention and treatment of clinical 
jaundice or laboratory-diagnosed hyperbilirubinemia in term and late preterm 
neonates.
SEARCH METHODS: We used the standard search strategy of Cochrane Neonatal to 
search CENTRAL (2019, Issue 5), MEDLINE, Embase, and CINAHL on 2 May 2019. We 
also searched clinical trials databases, conference proceedings, and the 
reference lists of retrieved articles for randomized controlled trials (RCTs), 
quasi-RCTs, and cluster RCTs. We updated the searches on 1 June 2020.
SELECTION CRITERIA: We included RCTs, quasi-RCTs, and cluster RCTs. We excluded 
crossover RCTs. Included studies must have evaluated sunlight (with or without 
filters or amplification) for the prevention and treatment of hyperbilirubinemia 
or jaundice in term or late preterm neonates. Neonates must have been enrolled 
in the study by one-week postnatal age.
DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We used standard methodologic procedures expected 
by Cochrane. We used the GRADE approach to assess the certainty of evidence. Our 
primary outcomes were: use of conventional phototherapy, treatment failure 
requiring exchange transfusion, ABE, chronic bilirubin encephalopathy, and 
death.
MAIN RESULTS: We included three RCTs (1103 infants). All three studies had small 
sample sizes, were unblinded, and were at high risk of bias. We planned to 
undertake four comparisons, but only found studies reporting on two. Sunlight 
with or without filters or amplification compared to no treatment for the 
prevention and treatment of hyperbilirubinemia in term and late preterm neonates 
One study of twice-daily sunlight exposure (30 to 60 minutes) compared to no 
treatment reported the incidence of jaundice may be reduced (risk ratio [RR] 
0.61, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.45 to 0.82; risk difference [RD] -0.14, 95% 
CI -0.22 to -0.06; number needed to treat for an additional beneficial outcome 
[NNTB] 7, 95% CI 5 to 17; 1 study, 482 infants; very low-certainty evidence) and 
the number of days that an infant was jaundiced may be reduced (mean difference 
[MD] -2.20 days, 95% CI -2.60 to -1.80; 1 study, 482 infants; very low-certainty 
evidence). There were no data on safety or potential harmful effects of the 
intervention. The study did not assess use of conventional phototherapy, 
treatment failure requiring exchange transfusion, ABE, and long-term 
consequences of hyperbilirubinemia. The study showed that sunlight therapy may 
reduce rehospitalization rates within seven days of discharge for treatment for 
hyperbilirubinemia, but the evidence was very uncertain (RR 0.55, 95% CI 0.27 to 
1.11; RD -0.04, -0.08 to 0.01; 1 study, 482 infants; very low-certainty 
evidence). Sunlight with or without filters or amplification compared to other 
sources of phototherapy for the treatment of hyperbilirubinemia in infants with 
confirmed hyperbilirubinemia Two studies (621 infants) compared the effect of 
filtered-sunlight exposure to other sources of phototherapy in infants with 
confirmed hyperbilirubinemia. Filtered-sunlight phototherapy (FSPT) and 
conventional or intensive electric phototherapy led to a similar number of days 
of effective treatment (broadly defined as a minimal increase of total serum 
bilirubin in infants less than 72 hours old and a decrease in total serum 
bilirubin in infants more than 72 hours old on any day that at least four to 
five hours of sunlight therapy was available). There may be little or no 
difference in treatment failure requiring exchange transfusion (typical RR 1.00, 
95% CI 0.06 to 15.73; typical RD 0.00, 95% CI -0.01 to 0.01; 2 studies, 621 
infants; low-certainty evidence). One study reported ABE, and no infants 
developed this outcome (RR not estimable; RD 0.00, 95% CI -0.02 to 0.02; 1 
study, 174 infants; low-certainty evidence). One study reported death as a 
reason for study withdrawal; no infants were withdrawn due to death (RR not 
estimable; typical RD 0.00, 95% CI -0.01 to 0.01; 1 study, 447 infants; 
low-certainty evidence). Neither study assessed long-term outcomes. Possible 
harms: both studies showed a probable increased risk for hyperthermia (body 
temperature greater than 37.5 °C) with FSPT (typical RR 4.39, 95% CI 2.98 to 
6.47; typical RD 0.30, 95% CI 0.23 to 0.36; number needed to treat for an 
additional harmful outcome [NNTH] 3, 95% CI 2 to 4; 2 studies, 621 infants; 
moderate-certainty evidence). There was probably no difference in hypothermia 
(body temperature less than 35.5 °C) (typical RR 1.06, 95% CI 0.55 to 2.03; 
typical RD 0.00, 95% CI -0.03 to 0.04; 2 studies, 621 infants; 
moderate-certainty evidence).
AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Sunlight may be an effective adjunct to conventional 
phototherapy in LMIC settings, may allow for rotational use of limited 
phototherapy machines, and may be preferable to families as it can allow for 
increased bonding. Filtration of sunlight to block harmful ultraviolet light and 
frequent temperature checks for babies under sunlight may be warranted for 
safety. Sunlight may be effective in preventing hyperbilirubinemia in some 
cases, but these studies have not demonstrated that sunlight alone is effective 
for the treatment of hyperbilirubinemia given its sporadic availability and the 
low or very low certainty of the evidence in these studies.

Copyright © 2021 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, 
Ltd.

DOI: 10.1002/14651858.CD013277.pub2
PMCID: PMC8259558
PMID: 34228352 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: DH: none. DE is an Associate Editor of Cochrane 
Neonatal but did not participate in the editorial review of the protocol or 
review. KG: is a Co‐Editor of Cochrane Neonatal but did not participate in the 
editorial review of the protocol or review. RFS is the Co‐ordinating Editor of 
Cochrane Neonatal but did not participate in the editorial review of the 
protocol or review.


584. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Cycle. 2021 Jul;20(14):1415-1430. doi: 10.1080/15384101.2021.1934626. Epub 
2021 Jul 5.

LncRNA CYTOR drives L-OHP resistance and facilitates the epithelial-mesenchymal 
transition of colon carcinoma cells via modulating miR-378a-5p/SERPINE1.

Yang J(1), Ma Q(2), Zhang M(2), Zhang W(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Sichuan Cancer Hospital, School of 
Medicine, University of Electronic Science and Technology of China, Chengdu, 
China.
(2)Department of Gastrointestinal Surgery, West China Hospital, Sichuan 
University, Chengdu, China.
(3)The First Department of General Surgery, The Second People's Hospital of 
Yunnan Province, Kunming, China.

Retraction in
    Cell Cycle. 2022 Dec;21(24):2665. doi: 10.1080/15384101.2022.2113240.

Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) play a vital regulatory role in many human 
cancers. However, their underlying effect and molecular mechanism in 
chemoresistance need to be fully researched. This study found that lncRNA CYTOR 
expression was significantly up-regulated in colon carcinoma tissue and cells. 
Silencing lncRNA CYTOR in vitro facilitated L-OHP sensitivity of colon carcinoma 
cells and restrained epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT). Furthermore, 
lncRNA CYTOR could inhibit miR-378a-5p expression, while suppressing miR-378a-5p 
could attenuate the inhibition of lncRNA CYTOR silencing on L-OHP resistance and 
EMT. The downstream target mRNA of miR-378a-5p was further explored, and it was 
discovered that miR-378a-5p restrained SERPINE1 expression. Rescue assay 
indicated that overexpressing miR-378a-5p or silencing SERPINE1 expression 
counteracted the promotion of lncRNA CYTOR overexpression on L-OHP resistance 
and EMT of colon carcinoma cells. In vivo experiment exhibited that silencing 
lncRNA CYTOR repressed colon carcinoma growth, while miR-378a-5p inhibition 
diminished the suppression of silencing lncRNA CYTOR on colon carcinoma. These 
results testified that lncRNA CYTOR enhanced L-OHP drug resistance and induced 
EMT in colon carcinoma. It was also suggested that lncRNA 
CYTOR/miR-378a-5p/SERPINE1 axis was a regulatory pathway of L-OHP resistance in 
colon carcinoma. They could be potential therapeutic targets and prognostic 
biomarkers.Abbreviations: ATG: autophagy related; EPG: ectopic PGL granules; 
GFP: green fluorescent protein; LGG-1: LC3, GABARAP and GATE-16 family; LPLA-2: 
lysosomal phospholipase A2; PGL: P granule abnormality protein; PLA2: 
phospholipase A2; SD: standard deviation; SEPA-1: suppressor of ectopic P 
granules in autophagy mutant; SQST-1: sequestosome related.

DOI: 10.1080/15384101.2021.1934626
PMCID: PMC8344762
PMID: 34224332 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: No potential conflict of interest was reported 
by the authors.


585. Mol Cancer Res. 2021 Jul;19(7):1247. doi: 10.1158/1541-7786.MCR-21-0395.

Retraction: siRNA-Mediated Downregulation of MMP-9 and uPAR in Combination with 
Radiation Induces G(2)-M Cell-Cycle Arrest in Medulloblastoma.

[No authors listed]

Retraction of
    Mol Cancer Res. 2011 Jan;9(1):51-66. doi: 10.1158/1541-7786.MCR-10-0399.

DOI: 10.1158/1541-7786.MCR-21-0395
PMCID: PMC8288031
PMID: 34210818


586. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Pain Manag Nurs. 2021 Dec;22(6):724-729. doi: 10.1016/j.pmn.2021.05.005. Epub 
2021 Jun 28.

RETRACTED: Effect of White Noise and Lullabies on Pain and Vital Signs in 
Invasive Interventions Applied to Premature Babies.

Döra Ö(1), Büyük ET(2).

Author information:
(1)Faculty of Health Sciences, Ondokuz Mayıs University, Samsun, Turkey.
(2)Department of Child Health Nursing, Ondokuz Mayıs University, Samsun, Turkey. 
Electronic address: esratural55@gmail.com.

Retraction in
    Pain Manag Nurs. 2023 Jun;24(3):371. doi: 10.1016/j.pmn.2023.03.013.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal (http://www.elsevier.com/locate/withdrawalpolicy). The editors have 
decided to retract the article based on the lack of ethical standard care 
interventions that should have been administered to the control group during 
planned blood collection. That standard of care includes known, evidence-based 
interventions such as massage, kangaroo care, listening to music, non-nutritive 
sucking/pacifier, and wrapping.

Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.pmn.2021.05.005
PMID: 34210600 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


587. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Vaccines (Basel). 2021 Jun 24;9(7):693. doi: 10.3390/vaccines9070693.

Retracted: The Safety of COVID-19 Vaccinations-We Should Rethink the Policy.

Walach H(1)(2)(3), Klement RJ(4), Aukema W(5).

Author information:
(1)Poznan University of the Medical Sciences, Pediatric Hospital, 60-572 Poznan, 
Poland.
(2)Department of Psychology, University of Witten/Herdecke, 58448 Witten, 
Germany.
(3)Change Health Science Institute, 10178 Berlin, Germany.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Leopoldina Hospital, 97422 Schweinfurt, 
Germany.
(5)Independent Data and Pattern Scientist, Brinkenbergweg 1, 7351 BD Hoenderloo, 
The Netherlands.

Retraction in
    Vaccines (Basel). 2021 Jul 02;9(7):729. doi: 10.3390/vaccines9070729.

Expression of concern in
    Vaccines (Basel). 2021 Jun 28;9(7):705. doi: 10.3390/vaccines9070705.

Background: COVID-19 vaccines have had expedited reviews without sufficient 
safety data. We wanted to compare risks and benefits. Method: We calculated the 
number needed to vaccinate (NNTV) from a large Israeli field study to prevent 
one death. We accessed the Adverse Drug Reactions (ADR) database of the European 
Medicines Agency and of the Dutch National Register (lareb.nl) to extract the 
number of cases reporting severe side effects and the number of cases with fatal 
side effects. Result: The NNTV is between 200-700 to prevent one case of 
COVID-19 for the mRNA vaccine marketed by Pfizer, while the NNTV to prevent one 
death is between 9000 and 50,000 (95% confidence interval), with 16,000 as a 
point estimate. The number of cases experiencing adverse reactions has been 
reported to be 700 per 100,000 vaccinations. Currently, we see 16 serious side 
effects per 100,000 vaccinations, and the number of fatal side effects is at 
4.11/100,000 vaccinations. For three deaths prevented by vaccination we have to 
accept two inflicted by vaccination. Conclusions: This lack of clear benefit 
should cause governments to rethink their vaccination policy.

DOI: 10.3390/vaccines9070693
PMCID: PMC8294615
PMID: 34202529

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


588. JAMA Netw Open. 2021 Jun 1;4(6):e2112404. doi: 
10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2021.12404.

Sex Differences in Academic Productivity Across Academic Ranks and Specialties 
in Academic Medicine: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.

Ha GL(1), Lehrer EJ(2), Wang M(3), Holliday E(4), Jagsi R(5)(6), Zaorsky NG(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Penn State Cancer Institute, Hershey, 
Pennsylvania.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, 
New York, New York.
(3)Department of Public Health Sciences, Division of Biostatistics and 
Bioinformatics, Penn State Cancer Institute, Hershey, Pennsylvania.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
(6)Center for Bioethics and Social Sciences, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.

Comment in
    JAMA Netw Open. 2021 Jun 1;4(6):e2112877. doi: 
10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2021.12877.

IMPORTANCE: Despite equal numbers of men and women entering medical school, 
women are underrepresented in the upper echelons of academic medicine and 
receive less compensation and research funding. Citation-related publication 
productivity metrics, such as the h-index, are increasingly used for hiring, 
salary, grants, retention, promotion, and tenure decisions. Exploring sex 
differences in these metrics across academic medicine provides deeper insight 
into why differences are observed in career outcomes.
OBJECTIVE: To systematically examine the available literature on sex differences 
in h-index of academic faculty physicians across all medical specialties and all 
levels of academic rank.
DATA SOURCES: Medical literature with the term h-index found in PubMed and 
published between January 1, 2009, and December 31, 2018, was used.
STUDY SELECTION: A PICOS (Population, Intervention, Comparison, and Outcomes), 
PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses), and 
MOOSE (Meta-analysis of Observational Studies in Epidemiology) selection 
protocol was used to find observational studies that published h-indexes for 
faculty physicians that were stratified by sex. Studies were excluded if they 
were review articles, retracted, or unavailable online. Ultimately, 14 of 786 
studies (1.78%) met the inclusion criteria.
DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Data from 9 studies across 16 specialties were 
examined using weighted random-effects meta-analyses. Five studies were excluded 
because of overlapping specialties with another study or because they were 
missing appropriate statistics for the meta-analysis. Four of these studies were 
included in qualitative synthesis to bring the total to 13 studies.
MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary study outcome was the h-index.
RESULTS: The meta-analysis included 10 665 North American unique academic 
physicians across 9 different studies from the years 2009 to 2018. Of the 10 665 
physicians, 2655 (24.89%) were women. Summary effect sizes for mean h-indexes of 
men and women and mean h-index difference between men and women were determined 
for all faculty physicians and at each academic rank. Overall, female faculty 
had lower h-indexes than male faculty (mean difference, -4.09; 95% CI, -5.44 to 
-2.73; P < .001). When adjusting for academic rank, female faculty still had 
lower h-indexes than male faculty at the ranks of assistant professor (mean 
difference, -1.3; 95% CI, -1.90 to -0.72; P < .001), associate professor (mean 
difference, -2.09; 95% CI, -3.40 to -0.78; P = .002), and professor (mean 
difference, -3.41; 95% CI, -6.24 to -0.58; P = .02).
CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this systematic review and meta-analysis, women 
had lower h-indexes than men across most specialties and at all academic ranks, 
but it is unclear why these differences exist. These findings suggest that 
future investigation should be conducted regarding the causes of lower h-indexes 
in women and that interventions should be developed to provide a more equitable 
environment for all physicians regardless of sex.

DOI: 10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2021.12404
PMCID: PMC8243235
PMID: 34185071 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest Disclosures: Dr Holliday 
reported receiving grants from Merck outside the submitted work. Dr Jagsi 
reported receiving grants from the National Institutes of Health, Komen 
Foundation, Greenwall Foundation, Doris Duke Foundation, and Blue Cross Blue 
Shield of Michigan; receiving personal fees from Genentech, Amgen, Sherinian and 
Hasso, and Dressman Benziger Lavelle; and receiving stock options for service as 
an adviser from Equity Quotient outside the submitted work and serving as an 
uncompensated founding member of TIME’S UP Healthcare and on the American 
Society of Clinical Oncology Board of Directors. Dr Zaorsky is supported by 
startup funding from Penn State Cancer Institute and Penn State College of 
Medicine, grant LRP 1 L30 CA231572-01 from the National Institutes of Health, 
and grant CSDG-20-013-01-CCE from the American Cancer Society–Tri State CEOs 
Against Cancer Clinician Scientist Development. Dr aorsky also received 
remuneration from Springer Nature for his textbook Absolute Clinical Radiation 
Oncology Review, and received payments from Weatherby Healthcare unrelated to 
the current work. No other disclosures were reported.


589. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Gene Ther. 2022 Jun;29(6):870. doi: 10.1038/s41417-021-00344-2. Epub 2021 
Jun 28.

RETRACTED ARTICLE: Long non-coding RNA DIO3OS binds to microRNA-130b to restore 
radiosensitivity in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma by upregulating PAX9.

Liu J(1), Zhou R(1), Deng M(2), Xue N(1), Li T(1), Guo Y(1), Gao L(3), Fan R(4), 
Zhao D(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengzhou, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Orthopedics, Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University, Wuhan, P.R. 
China.
(3)Center of Experimental Orthopaedics, Saarland University, Homburg, Germany.
(4)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengzhou, P.R. China. fanruitai@126.com.
(5)Department of Endocrinology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengzhou, P.R. China. zhaodi0110@126.com.

Retraction in
    10.1038/s41417-021-00344-2.

DOI: 10.1038/s41417-021-00344-2
PMID: 34183777


590. BMC Oral Health. 2021 Jun 28;21(1):324. doi: 10.1186/s12903-021-01684-z.

Clinical research: low-level laser therapy in accelerating orthodontic tooth 
movement.

Zheng J(1), Yang K(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Orthodontics, School of Stomatology, Capital Medical 
University, No. 4, Tiantanxili, Beijing, China.
(2)Department of Orthodontics, School of Stomatology, Capital Medical 
University, No. 4, Tiantanxili, Beijing, China. dr_yangkai@163.com.

BACKGROUND: The present study aimed to investigate the effects of low-level 
laser therapy (LLLT) on orthodontic tooth movement and its correlation with the 
levels of interleukin-1β (IL-1β), receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa B 
ligand (RANKL) and osteoprotegerin (OPG) in gingival crevicular fluid (GCF).
METHODS: This split-mouth design study included 12 patients scheduled for the 
extraction of both upper first premolars. Patients were randomly selected for 
experimental group that received left- or right-side radiation with a diode 
laser (810 nm wavelength, 100 mW power output, 6.29 J/cm2 energy density). Laser 
treatment was applied on days 0, 7, 14, and 21, after loading the canine 
retraction forces. GCF concentrations of IL-1β, RANKL, and OPG were analyzed. 
The upper arch of each patient was scanned with an intraoral scanner to assess 
tooth movement.
RESULTS: The cumulative tooth movement over 28 days was significantly higher in 
the laser group than in the control group. We observed significant reductions in 
OPG levels and increases in IL-1β and RANKL levels in GCF samples on the 
experimental sides.
CONCLUSION: With the parameter settings used in this study, LLLT could, to some 
extent, lead to changes in bone metabolism, which could accelerate orthodontic 
tooth movement.
TRIAL REGISTRATION: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry, ChiCTR2000039594. 
Registered 2 November 2020-Retrospectively registered, 
www.chictr.org.cn/edit.aspx?pid=62465&htm=4 .

DOI: 10.1186/s12903-021-01684-z
PMCID: PMC8237464
PMID: 34182967 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


591. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Updates Surg. 2022 Apr;74(2):479-489. doi: 10.1007/s13304-021-01122-3. Epub 2021 
Jun 28.

Breast conserving surgery versus salvage mastectomy for ipsilateral breast 
cancer recurrence: a propensity score matching analysis.

Gentile D(1)(2), Sagona A(3), Barbieri E(3), Antunovic L(4), Franceschini D(5), 
Losurdo A(6), Fernandes B(7), Tinterri C(3)(8).

Author information:
(1)Breast Unit, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Via Manzoni 56, Rozzano, 
20089, Milan, Italy. damiano.gentile@humanitas.it.
(2)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Via Rita Levi 
Montalcini 4, Pieve Emanuele, 20090, , Milan, Italy. 
damiano.gentile@humanitas.it.
(3)Breast Unit, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Via Manzoni 56, Rozzano, 
20089, Milan, Italy.
(4)Department of Nuclear Medicine, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Via 
Manzoni 56, Rozzano, 20089, Milan, Italy.
(5)Radiotherapy and Radiosurgery Department, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, 
Via Manzoni 56, Rozzano, 20089, Milan, Italy.
(6)Medical Oncology and Hematology Unit, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Via 
Manzoni 56, Rozzano, 20089, Milan, Italy.
(7)Department of Pathology, IRCCS Humanitas Research Hospital, Via Manzoni 56, 
Rozzano, 20089, Milan, Italy.
(8)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Humanitas University, Via Rita Levi 
Montalcini 4, Pieve Emanuele, 20090, , Milan, Italy.

Retraction in
    Updates Surg. 2022 Oct;74(5):1795. doi: 10.1007/s13304-022-01342-1.

Salvage mastectomy is regarded as the treatment of first choice for ipsilateral 
breast cancer recurrence (IBCR), even if a second breast conserving surgery 
(BCS) is feasible. The purpose of this study was to compare the long-term 
oncological outcomes of IBCR patients who had undergone either mastectomy or 
second BCS, performing a propensity score matching (PSM) analysis to reduce the 
selection bias. All the consecutive patients with IBCR were retrospectively 
reviewed and divided into two different groups of treatment: repeat BCS versus 
salvage mastectomy. The propensity score predicting the probability of surgical 
treatment was determined for each patient and a 1:1 matching was performed. 
Disease-free survival (DFS), distant disease-free survival (DDFS), overall 
survival (OS), and breast cancer-specific survival (BCSS) were analyzed and 
compared between the two groups. A total of 309 patients underwent surgical 
treatment for IBCR. After PSM, 108 patients treated with repeat BCS and 108 
patients treated with salvage mastectomy were included in the analysis. There 
was no significant difference in terms of DFS between patients with IBCR 
receiving repeat BCS or salvage mastectomy (p = 0.167). However, patients with 
IBCR undergoing second BCS had significantly better DDFS, OS, and BCSS compared 
to salvage mastectomy (p < 0.001). Salvage mastectomy should not be considered 
the optimal treatment for IBCR and it does not seem to improve prognosis 
compared to repeat conserving surgery. Second BCS for IBCR is a safe option with 
encouraging long-term oncological outcomes and should be proposed to all 
patients, when technically feasible.

© 2021. Italian Society of Surgery (SIC).

DOI: 10.1007/s13304-021-01122-3
PMID: 34181187 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


592. Cureus. 2021 May 23;13(5):e15199. doi: 10.7759/cureus.15199.

A Case of Carbamazepine-Induced Acute Pancreatitis: A Rare Etiology.

Ali A(1), Anugwom GO(2)(3), Naqvi W(4), Saeeduddin MO(5), Singh R(6).

Author information:
(1)Internal Medicine, Hayatabad Medical Complex, Peshawar, PAK.
(2)Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, West Oaks Hospital, Houston, USA.
(3)Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, Houston Behavioral Healthcare Hospital, 
Houston, USA.
(4)Infectious Diseases, Shifa International Hospital, Islamabad, PAK.
(5)Psychiatry, Liaquat National Hospital and Medical College, Karachi, PAK.
(6)Critical Care, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, USA.

Carbamazepine-induced acute pancreatitis is rarely reported in the literature. A 
49-year-old female presented with sudden onset of severe epigastric pain 
radiating to the back for the last five hours associated with nausea and two 
episodes of vomiting. She had been taking carbamazepine for trigeminal neuralgia 
for the last four weeks. On clinical examination, she was afebrile and had mild 
tenderness in the epigastrium. Serum chemistry revealed elevated levels of 
amylase, lipase, and total bilirubin. Her lipid profile was normal, and her 
abdominal ultrasonography was non-significant. Her abdominal CT revealed 
generalized pancreatic enlargement with imprecise borders and stranding edema of 
peripancreatic fat. A possible relationship between carbamazepine and acute 
pancreatitis was considered due to a lack of other possible causes. 
Carbamazepine was withdrawn and replaced by oxcarbazepine, and she was managed 
with bowel rest, isotonic fluids, antiemetics, and analgesics. Her condition 
improved gradually, and she was symptom-free on day six. She was discharged to 
her gastroenterology doctor for a follow-up. On her recent visit two weeks 
later, she was doing well.

Copyright © 2021, Ali et al.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.15199
PMCID: PMC8221656
PMID: 34178519

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


593. J Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg. 2021 Jun 24;50(1):39. doi: 
10.1186/s40463-021-00520-2.

Microwave ablation eustachian tuboplasty: a preliminary investigation with 
long-term follow-up.

Lou Z(#)(1), Lou Z(#)(2), Sun J(3), Chen Z(4)(5), Yin S(2)(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, Yiwu Central Hospital, 699 Jiangdong Road, 
Yiwu City, 322000, Zhejiang Provice, China. louzhengcai@163.com.
(2)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Shanghai Jiao Tong 
University Affiliated Sixth People's Hospital, Otolaryngology Institute of 
Shanghai Jiao Tong University, 600 Yishan Road, Shanghai, 200233, China.
(3)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, Yiwu Central Hospital, 699 Jiangdong Road, 
Yiwu City, 322000, Zhejiang Provice, China.
(4)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Shanghai Jiao Tong 
University Affiliated Sixth People's Hospital, Otolaryngology Institute of 
Shanghai Jiao Tong University, 600 Yishan Road, Shanghai, 200233, China. 
jassey@126.com.
(5)Otolaryngology Institute of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, 200233, 
China. jassey@126.com.
(6)Otolaryngology Institute of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Shanghai, 200233, 
China.
(#)Contributed equally

OBJECTIVES: This study was performed to evaluate the efficacy of microwave 
ablation (MWA) eustachian tuboplasty for the treatment of patients with 
retracted tympanic membrane (TM) due to eustachian tube dysfunction (ETD).
METHODS: This was a prospective study of 20 patients with ETD (middle ear 
atelectasis) who underwent MWA eustachian tuboplasty. Outcomes included the 
ability to perform a Valsalva maneuver, audiometry results, tympanometry 
results, ETD Questionnaire (ETDQ-7) score, and TM status.
RESULTS: Eighteen patients (18 ears) were included in this study. There were 
statistically and clinically significant improvements in the mean ETDQ-7 score 
at 6 months postoperatively (change in mean score of 16.7 ± 3.6, P < 0.001) and 
at 30 months postoperatively (change in mean score of 18.9 ± 2.9, P < 0.001). 
Type A tympanogram was obtained in 27.8% of patients (5/18) at 6 months 
postoperatively, and in 77.7% at 30 months postoperatively. A Valsalva maneuver 
was possible in 72.2% of patients at 6 months postoperatively and in 88.9% of 
patients at 30 months postoperatively. In addition, the ears of 13 patients 
(72.2%) showed both normal tympanograms and TM at 30 months postoperatively. 
Interestingly, 38.5% of patients (5/13) exhibited complete sclerosis of the pars 
tensa. None of the patients experienced severe MWA-related complications during 
follow-up.
CONCLUSIONS: MWA eustachian tuboplasty is a feasible alternative to conventional 
tuboplasty, and can improve subjective and objective outcomes in patients with 
ETD for up to 30 months following treatment. In addition, this study showed that 
the extent of sclerotic plaque increased over time, whereas the extents of 
atrophy and tensa retraction decreased following tuboplasty in most patients.

DOI: 10.1186/s40463-021-00520-2
PMCID: PMC8223355
PMID: 34167591 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


594. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2021 May 31;2021:5920035. doi: 10.1155/2021/5920035. eCollection 
2021.

Joint Detection of Tap and CEA Based on Deep Learning Medical Image 
Segmentation: Risk Prediction of Thyroid Cancer.

Lang S(1), Xu Y(1), Li L(1), Wang B(1), Yang Y(1), Xue Y(1), Shi K(2).

Author information:
(1)Sanmenxia Central Hospital of Henan Province, Sanmenxia, Henan 472000, China.
(2)Shaanxi Provincial People's Hospital, Taiyuan, Shaanxi 710068, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Oct 11;2023:9872960. doi: 10.1155/2023/9872960.

In recent years, the incidence of thyroid nodules has shown an increasing trend 
year by year and has become one of the important diseases that endanger human 
health. Ultrasound medical images based on deep learning are widely used in 
clinical diagnosis due to their cheapness, no radiation, and low cost. The use 
of image processing technology to accurately segment the nodule area provides 
important auxiliary information for the doctor's diagnosis, which is of great 
value for guiding clinical treatment. The purpose of this article is to explore 
the application value of combined detection of abnormal sugar-chain glycoprotein 
(TAP) and carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) in the risk estimation of thyroid 
cancer in patients with thyroid nodules of type IV and above based on deep 
learning medical images. In this paper, ultrasound thyroid images are used as 
the research content, and the active contour level set method is used as the 
segmentation basis, and a segmentation algorithm for thyroid nodules is 
proposed. This paper takes ultrasound thyroid images as the research content, 
uses the active contour level set method as the basis of segmentation, and 
proposes an image segmentation algorithm Fast-SegNet based on deep learning, 
which extends the network model that was mainly used for thyroid medical image 
segmentation to more scenarios of the segmentation task. From January 2019 to 
October 2020, 400 patients with thyroid nodules of type IV and above were 
selected for physical examination and screening at the Health Management Center 
of our hospital, and they were diagnosed as thyroid cancer by pathological 
examination of thyroid nodules under B-ultrasound positioning. The detection 
rates of thyroid cancer in patients with thyroid nodules of type IV and above 
are compared; serum TAP and CEA levels are detected; PT-PCR is used to detect 
TTF-1, PTEN, and NIS expression; the detection, missed diagnosis, misdiagnosis 
rate, and diagnostic efficiency of the three detection methods are compared. 
This article uses the thyroid nodule region segmented based on deep learning 
medical images and compares experiments with CV model, LBF model, and DRLSE 
model. The experimental results show that the segmentation overlap rate of this 
method is as high as 98.4%, indicating that the algorithm proposed in this paper 
can more accurately extract the thyroid nodule area.

Copyright © 2021 Shaolei Lang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/5920035
PMCID: PMC8187068
PMID: 34158913 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


595. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2021 Mar 19;2021:6638117. doi: 10.1155/2021/6638117. eCollection 
2021.

Comparison of 10-Year Survival Outcomes for Early Single Hepatocellular 
Carcinoma following Different Treatments.

Meng F(1)(2), Zhang H(1), Peng H(3), Lu S(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Hepatobiliary Surgery, First Medical Center of Chinese People's 
Liberation Army (PLA) General Hospital, Beijing 100853, China.
(2)Department of Hepatobiliary Surgery, Chifeng Clinical Medical School of Inner 
Mongolia Medical University, Chifeng, Inner Mongolia 024000, China.
(3)Department of Orthopedics Surgery, First Medical Center of Chinese People's 
Liberation Army (PLA) General Hospital, Beijing 100853, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2023 Jul 12;2023:9827803. doi: 10.1155/2023/9827803.

INTRODUCTION: To compare the actual 10-year survival outcomes of early single 
hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) patients between 3 first-line treatments: 
radiofrequency ablation (RFA), surgical resection (SR), or transplantation (LT).
METHODS: A total of 1255 early single HCC patients retrieved from the 
Surveillance Epidemiology and End Results (SEER) database were included. 
Patients survived ≥10 years, and patients died <10 years were compared. 
Significant predictors associated with 10-year survival were identified by 
multivariate logistic regression analysis. The 10-year survival outcomes of 3 
treatments were compared using multivariate model risk adjustment and inverse 
probability of treatment weighted (IPTW) adjustment.
RESULTS: Of the 1255 patients, 472 patients underwent SR, 259 patients underwent 
LT, and 524 patients underwent RFA. 149 patients achieved 10-year survival. 
Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that age, race, treatment, and 
fibrosis score were significant predictors for 10-year survival, and LT had the 
best advantage of 10-year survival, followed by SR. Comparable 10-year survival 
outcomes were found between SR and RFA after IPTW. Then, a subgroup analysis was 
performed based on the tumor size, and the results showed that for ≤50 mm tumor, 
SR showed no significant advantages over RFA for 10-year survival.
CONCLUSIONS: Estimates of the observational association of different treatments 
with 10-year survival are sensitive to the analytic method. LT showed the best 
outcomes for patients. No significant differences for 10-year survival were 
found between SR and RFA in the IPTW cohort. Subgroup analysis showed that for 
>50 mm tumor, SR showed significant advantages over RFA after IPTW.

Copyright © 2021 Fanyu Meng et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/6638117
PMCID: PMC8197669
PMID: 34150908 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have no conflicts of interest to 
declare.


596. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Int J Mol Med. 2021 Aug;48(2):147. doi: 10.3892/ijmm.2021.4980. Epub 2021 Jun 
16.

Long non‑coding RNA SNHG3 promotes the development of non‑small cell lung cancer 
via the miR‑1343‑3p/NFIX pathway.

Zhao L(1), Song X(1), Guo Y(1), Ding N(1), Wang T(1), Huang L(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Jiangsu Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu Institute 
of Cancer Research, The Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Nanjing Medical 
University, Nanjing, Jiangsu 210009, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Int J Mol Med. 2024 Nov;54(5):97. doi: 10.3892/ijmm.2024.5421.

The aim of the present study was to identify the function of long non‑coding RNA 
(lncRNA) small nucleolar RNA host gene 3 (SNHG3) and examine its effects on 
non‑small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). A series of in vitro experiments were 
employed to evaluate the effects of SNHG3 on the progression of NSCLC, including 
Cell Counting Kit‑8, 5‑Ethynyl‑2'‑deoxyuridine, flow cytometry, wound healing, 
Transwell, western blotting and reverse transcription‑quantitative PCR assays. 
Bioinformatics analyses and a luciferase reporter assay were performed to 
identify the target gene of SNHG3 and microRNA (miR)‑1343‑3p. Finally, recuse 
experiments were conducted to verify the effect of SNHG3 and its target gene on 
proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion. The findings indicated that 
lncRNA SNHG3 was highly expressed in NSCLC tissues and cell lines. Knockdown of 
lncRNA SNHG3 inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion, and 
accelerated cell apoptosis in NSCLC cell lines. The results of the 
bioinformatics analysis and the luciferase reporter assay indicated that lncRNA 
SNHG3 directly bound to miR‑1343‑3p and that it could downregulate the 
expression levels of miR‑1343‑3p to promote the progression of NSCLC. Rescue 
experiments indicated that lncRNA SNHG3 increased nuclear factor IX (NFIX) 
expression by sequestering miR‑1343‑3p in NSCLC. These results suggested that 
the SNHG3/miR‑1343‑3p/NFIX axis may serve as a novel prognostic biomarker and 
therapeutic target for NSCLC.

DOI: 10.3892/ijmm.2021.4980
PMCID: PMC8208627
PMID: 34132359 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


597. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Int J Biol Sci. 2021 May 11;17(8):1995-2008. doi: 10.7150/ijbs.59019. 
eCollection 2021.

NEK2 plays an active role in Tumorigenesis and Tumor Microenvironment in 
Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer.

Bai R(1), Yuan C(1), Sun W(1), Zhang J(1), Luo Y(1), Gao Y(1), Li Y(1), Gong 
Y(2)(3), Xie C(1)(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation and Medical Oncology, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan, 
University, Wuhan, Hubei 430071, China.
(2)Department of Biological Repositories, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan, 
University, Wuhan, Hubei 430071, China.
(3)Tumor Precision Diagnosis and Treatment Technology and Translational Medicine 
Hubei Engineering Research Center, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, Wuhan, 
Hubei 430071, China.
(4)Hubei Key Laboratory of Tumour Biological Behaviors, Zhongnan Hospital of 
Wuhan University, Wuhan, Hubei 430071, China.
(5)Hubei Cancer Clinical Study Center, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, 
Wuhan, Hubei 430071, China.

Retraction in
    Int J Biol Sci. 2022 Jun 7;18(10):3943. doi: 10.7150/ijbs.75303.

Abnormal expression and dysfunction of Never-in-mitosis-A-related kinase 2 
(NEK2) result in tumorigenesis. High levels of NEK2 are related to malignant 
progression, drug resistance, and poor prognosis. However, the relationship 
between NEK2 levels and the occurrence of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) 
remains unknown. This study aimed to explore the impacts of NEK2 on the 
oncogenesis of NSCLC and the tumor microenvironment. Downregulation of NEK2 
inhibited A549 and H1299 cell proliferation, migration, and invasion, blocking 
cell cycle at the G0/G1 phase. Loss of NEK2 inhibited the release of IL-10 from 
tumor cells, M2-like polarization of macrophages, angiogenesis, and vascular 
endothelial cell migration. Furthermore, NEK2 deficiency inhibited tumor growth 
in vivo. Taken together, NEK2 knockdown inhibited the occurrence and development 
of NSCLC, M2 polarization of macrophages, and angiogenesis. The abnormal 
expression of NEK2 might not only indicate tumor progression and patient 
prognosis but also serve as a potential molecular therapeutic target with great 
development prospects.

© The author(s).

DOI: 10.7150/ijbs.59019
PMCID: PMC8193268
PMID: 34131401 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Competing Interests: The authors have declared 
that no competing interest exists.


598. J Cancer Res Ther. 2021 Apr-Jun;17(2):383-388. doi: 10.4103/jcrt.JCRT_701_19.

Rectal wall sparing effect of a rectal retractor in prostate intensity-modulated 
radiotherapy.

Ghaffari H(1), Rostami A(2), Ardekani MA(3), Mofid B(4), Mahdavi SR(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Physics, School of Medicine, Iran University of Medical 
Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(2)Department of Medical Physics, School of Medicine, Iran University of Medical 
Sciences; Department of Medical Physics, Roshana Cancer Institute, Tehran, Iran.
(3)Department of Radiology, Faculty of Para-Medicine, Hormozgan University of 
Medical Sciences, Bandar-Abbas, Iran.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Shohada-e-Tajrish Medical Center, Shahid 
Beheshti University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(5)Department of Medical Physics, School of Medicine, Iran University of Medical 
Sciences; Radiation Biology Research Center, Iran University of Medical 
Sciences, Tehran, Iran.

PURPOSE: The objective of the study was to evaluate the effectiveness of a 
rectal retractor (RR) designed to protect rectal tissue in intensity-modulated 
radiotherapy (IMRT) by pushing rectal wall (RW) away from the prostate.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Twelve patients with localized prostate cancer were 
enrolled into this study. Patients underwent two computed tomography (CT) scans 
without and with RR. A prescription of 80 Gy in 40 fractions was planned on CT 
scans with and without RR. This study evaluates the ability of the RR in RW dose 
reduction, in particular reduction of the RW V70Gy≥ 25% in comparison with the 
plan without RR dose-volume histograms were generated with and without RR. The 
patient's tolerance was assessed by patient-reported outcomes.
RESULTS: The planning target volume coverage was equal for both without and with 
RR (P = 0.155). The mean dose to the RW was statistically significantly lower 
for the plan with RR than that for the plan without RR, a mean reduction of 5.8 
Gy (P = 0.003). Significant relative reductions in rectal dose-volume parameters 
whether in absolute volume (cc) or as a percentage of contoured RW were 
detected. A relative reduction more than 25% in RW V70Gy(%) in 100% of patients 
was achieved. The rectal retraction resulted in a significant increase in the 
prostate to the rectum space at the prostate midgland level, an absolute 
increase of 2.7 mm. The retraction of the rectum induced a mean (±standard 
deviation) pain score of 2.7 (±1.3) according to the visual analog score.
CONCLUSION: The application of a RR showed a remarkable rectal sparing effect 
during prostate IMRT. This may lead to reduced acute and late rectal toxicities 
in prostate IMRT.

DOI: 10.4103/jcrt.JCRT_701_19
PMID: 34121681 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: None


599. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Sci. 2021 Sep;112(9):3732-3743. doi: 10.1111/cas.15026. Epub 2021 Jul 4.

Overexpression of dopamine receptor D2 promotes colorectal cancer progression by 
activating the β-catenin/ZEB1 axis.

Lee H(1), Shim S(1), Kong JS(1)(2), Kim MJ(1), Park S(1)(2), Lee SS(1)(2), Kim 
A(1).

Author information:
(1)Laboratory of Radiation Exposure & Therapeutics, National Radiation Emergency 
Medical Center, Seoul, Korea.
(2)Department of Pathology, Korea Cancer Center Hospital, Korea Institute of 
Radiological & Medical Science, Seoul, Korea.

Retraction in
    Cancer Sci. 2023 Jul;114(7):3056. doi: 10.1111/cas.15838.

Colorectal cancer (CRC) is a recurring cancer that is often resistant to 
conventional therapies and therefore requires the development of molecular-based 
therapeutic approaches. Dopamine receptor D2 (DRD2) is associated with the 
growth of many types of tumors, but its oncogenic role in CRC is unclear. Here, 
we observed that elevated DRD2 expression was associated with a poor survival 
rate among patients with CRC. Depletion of DRD2 suppressed CRC cell growth and 
motility by downregulating β-catenin/ZEB signaling in vitro and in vivo, whereas 
overexpression of DRD2 promoted CRC cell progression. Inhibition of DRD2 by the 
antagonist pimozide inhibited tumor growth and lymph node metastasis in vivo and 
enhanced the cytotoxic effects of conventional agents in vitro. Taken together, 
our findings indicate that targeting the DRD2/β-catenin/ZEB1 signaling axis is a 
potentially promising therapeutic strategy for patients with CRC.

© 2021 The Authors. Cancer Science published by John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd 
on behalf of Japanese Cancer Association.

DOI: 10.1111/cas.15026
PMCID: PMC8409418
PMID: 34118099 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have no conflicts of interest to 
report.


600. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Nanotechnology. 2021 Jun 28;32(38). doi: 10.1088/1361-6528/ac0a18.

Facile synthesis of porous MoS(2)nanofibers for efficient drug delivery and 
cancer treatment.

Liu S(1), Wang Y(2).

Author information:
(1)Operational Department, General Hospital of Pangang Group, Panzhihua 617000, 
Sichuan, People's Republic of China.
(2)Basic Medicine, Henan University, Zhengzhou 450000, Henan, People's Republic 
of China.

Retraction in
    Nanotechnology. 2022 Oct 24;34(2). doi: 10.1088/1361-6528/ac90ad.

Porous MoS2nanofibers were synthesized by electroplating and post-annealing and 
applied in a responsive drug delivery system. The one-dimensional (1D) 
MoS2nanofibers displayed a high specific surface area, controllable morphology, 
and uniform size, serving as a promising drug carrier for chemotherapy. After 
surface modification with polyethylene glycol (PEG) through PEGylation, the 
MoS2/PEG composite displayed excellent physical/chemical stability and 
biocompatibility. More importantly, MoS2/PEG loaded with doxorubicin (DOX) 
exhibited a controllable release responsive to pH and near-infrared (NIR) 
irradiation and demonstrated precise DOX dose release. Such remarkable 
anticancer effects were mainly attributed to outstanding photothermal 
performance and stability of porous MoS2nanofibers. This work offered a new 
opportunity of employing porous MoS2nanofibers as drug carriers for effective 
cancer chemotherapy.

© 2021 IOP Publishing Ltd.

DOI: 10.1088/1361-6528/ac0a18
PMID: 34111863 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


601. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Med Phys. 2021 Nov;48(11):7360-7371. doi: 10.1002/mp.15035. Epub 2021 Oct 13.

A hybrid feature selection-based brain tumor detection and segmentation in 
multiparametric magnetic resonance imaging.

Chen H(1)(2), Ban D(1), Qi XS(3), Pan X(1)(2), Qiang Y(4), Yang Q(5).

Author information:
(1)School of Computer Science and Technology, Xi'an University of Posts and 
Telecommunications, Xi'an, China.
(2)Shaanxi Key Laboratory of Network Data Analysis and Intelligent Processing, 
Xi'an University of Posts and Telecommunications, Xi'an, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of California Los Angeles, Los 
Angeles, California, USA.
(4)First Affiliated Hospital of Xi`an Jiaotong University, Xi'an, China.
(5)School of Sport and Health Sciences, Xi'an Physical Education University, 
Xi'an, China.

Retraction in
    Med Phys. 2022 Apr;49(4):2875. doi: 10.1002/mp.15528.

PURPOSE: To develop a novel method based on feature selection, combining 
convolutional neural network (CNN) and ensemble learning (EL), to achieve high 
accuracy and efficiency of glioma detection and segmentation using 
multiparametric MRIs.
METHODS: We proposed an evolutionary feature selection-based hybrid approach for 
glioma detection and segmentation on 4 MR sequences (T2-FLAIR, T1, T1Gd, and 
T2). First, we trained a lightweight CNN to detect glioma and mask the suspected 
region to process large batch of MRI images. Second, we employed a differential 
evolution algorithm to search a feature space, which composed of 416-dimensions 
radiomics features extracted from four sequences of MRIs and 128-dimensions 
high-order features extracted by the CNN, to generate an optimal feature 
combination for pixel classification. Finally, we trained an EL classifier using 
the optimal feature combination to segment whole tumor (WT) and its subregions 
including non-enhancing tumor (NET), peritumoral edema (ED), and enhancing tumor 
(ET) in the suspected region. Experiments were carried out on 300 glioma 
patients from the BraTS2019 dataset using fivefold cross-validation, and the 
model was independently validated using the rest 35 patients from the same 
database.
RESULTS: The approach achieved a detection accuracy of 98.8% using four MRIs. 
The Dice coefficients (and standard deviations) were 0.852 ± 0.057, 
0.844 ± 0.046, and 0.799 ± 0.053 for segmentation of WT (NET+ET+ED), tumor core 
(NET+ET), and ET, respectively. The sensitivities and specificities were 
0.873 ± 0.074, 0.863 ± 0.072, and 0.852 ± 0.082; the specificities were 
0.994 ± 0.005, 0.994 ± 0.005, and 0.995 ± 0.004 for the WT, tumor core, and ET, 
respectively. The performances and calculation times were compared with the 
state-of-the-art approaches, our approach yielded a better overall performance 
with average processing time of 139.5 s per set of four sequence MRIs.
CONCLUSIONS: We demonstrated a robust and computational cost-effective hybrid 
segmentation approach for glioma and its subregions on multi-sequence MR images. 
The proposed approach can be used for automated target delineation for glioma 
patients.

© 2021 American Association of Physicists in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1002/mp.15035
PMID: 34101842 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


602. J Gynecol Oncol. 2021 Jul;32(4):e64. doi: 10.3802/jgo.2021.32.e64.

A phase II, open-labeled, single-arm study of dose-dense paclitaxel plus 
carboplatin in advanced or recurrent uterine endometrial cancer treatment: a 
KCOG-G1303, DOENCA trial.

Hori K(1), Nishio S(2), Ushijima K(2), Kasamatsu Y(3), Kondo E(4), Takehara 
K(5), Ito K(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Kansai Rosai Hospital, Amagasaki, 
Japan. hori-kensuke@kansaih.johas.go.jp.
(2)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Kurume University School of 
Medicine, Kurume, Japan.
(3)Department of Gynecologic Oncology, National Hospital Organization Shizuoka 
Cancer Center, Nagaizumi, Japan.
(4)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Mie University, Tsu, Japan.
(5)Department of Gynecologic Oncology, National Hospital Organization Shikoku 
Cancer Center, Matsuyama, Japan.
(6)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Kansai Rosai Hospital, Amagasaki, 
Japan.

OBJECTIVE: To determine the safety and efficacy of dose-dense (dd) paclitaxel 
(PTX) and carboplatin (CBDCA) in treating advanced or recurrent endometrial 
cancer.
METHODS: Women aged 20-75 years with histologically confirmed endometrial 
cancer, the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) stage 
III disease with some residual tumor, FIGO stage IV disease, recurrence after 
front-line curative treatment, or recurrence after second-line chemotherapy or 
radiotherapy were enrolled in this study. PTX (80 mg/m²) was administered 
intravenously (IV) to every participant on days 1, 8, and 15, and CBDCA (area 
under the curve of 5) was administered IV on day 1 once every 3 weeks until the 
disease progressed, unacceptable adverse events occurred, or consent was 
withdrawn. The primary endpoint was the response rate (RR), while the secondary 
endpoints were progression-free survival, overall survival, and adverse effects.
RESULTS: Forty-eight participants were enrolled, and 46 were eligible to receive 
treatment. The patients' median age was 61 years (range, 43-76 years). 
Twenty-two participants had experienced recurrence, and the remaining patients 
had primary advanced endometrial cancer. There were 10 cases of serous 
carcinoma, 3 cases of endometrioid carcinoma G3, 2 cases of carcinosarcoma, and 
2 cases of clear-cell carcinoma according to histology. Twenty-nine participants 
(63.0%) received ≥6 cycles of chemotherapy. The RR (complete, 13 cases; partial, 
20 cases) was 71.3% (95% confidence interval: 59.0%-84.5%).
CONCLUSION: The dd PTX with CBDCA is feasible and available as a treatment 
option for advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer.
TRIAL REGISTRATION: UMIN Clinical Trials Registry Identifier: UMIN000017138.

Copyright © 2021. Asian Society of Gynecologic Oncology, Korean Society of 
Gynecologic Oncology, and Japan Society of Gynecologic Oncology.

DOI: 10.3802/jgo.2021.32.e64
PMCID: PMC8192238
PMID: 34085798 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: No potential conflict of interest relevant to 
this article was reported.


603. Am J Nucl Med Mol Imaging. 2021 Apr 15;11(2):77-86. eCollection 2021.

Epithelioid hemangioendothelioma: evaluation by (18)F-FDG PET/CT.

Frota Lima LM(1), Packard AT(1), Broski SM(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Mayo Clinic Rochester, MN, USA.

PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the imaging characteristics 
of epithelioid hemangioendothelioma (EHE) on staging 18F-FDG PET/CT.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: An IRB-approved retrospective review was conducted for 
patients with biopsy-proven EHE who underwent FDG PET/CT at our institution 
between 2005 and 2019. Patients with a history of surgery, chemotherapy, or 
radiotherapy prior to PET/CT were excluded. PET/CT exams were analyzed, noting 
metabolic activity, distribution of involvement, and CT morphologic features. 
PET/CT findings were correlated with comparative CT and MRI performed within 
three months.
RESULTS: There were 35 patients [21 females, 14 males; average age 55.1±16.9 
years (range 15-82 years)]. 18/35 patients (52%) had more than one organ 
affected on PET/CT. The most common sites were liver [21/35 (60%)], lung [(19/35 
(54%)], bone [5/35 (14%)], lymph nodes [4/35 (11%)], and vasculature [4/35 
(11%)]. Most patients [30/35, (86%)] presented with multiple lesions. The 
average largest lesion dimension was 4.0±3.6 cm (range 0.6-15.0 cm). The average 
SUVmax of the most metabolically active lesion at any site was 5.3±3.3 (range 
1.2-17.1), and for bone was 7.9±5.4 (range 3.5-17.1), liver was 5.1±2.1 (range 
2.6-10.5), and lung was 3.0±1.9 (range 1.2-8.5). Of patients with pulmonary 
lesions, 9/19 (47%) showed calcification, and 4/19 (21%) had nodules that were 
either non FDG-avid or too small for accurate SUV assessment. Of patients with 
hepatic lesions, 11/21 (52%) demonstrated capsular retraction, and 12/21 (57%) 
were found to have additional hepatic lesions on contrast-enhanced CT or MRI 
that were occult on PET/CT.
CONCLUSION: EHE demonstrates variable, but most commonly moderate FDG activity 
on PET/CT. The most common sites of disease are the liver, lungs, and bones, and 
most patients present with multiple lesions and more than one organ involved. 
Given the intrinsic metabolic activity and multi-organ involvement, FDG PET/CT 
represents an attractive modality for EHE evaluation. However, it may be best 
used in combination with CT or MRI given that EHE pulmonary or hepatic lesions 
may be missed by PET/CT.

AJNMMI Copyright © 2021.

PMCID: PMC8165726
PMID: 34079637

Conflict of interest statement: None.


604. CVIR Endovasc. 2021 Jun 1;4(1):44. doi: 10.1186/s42155-021-00233-7.

Clinical application and technical details of cook zenith devices modification 
to treat urgent and elective complex aortic aneurysms.

Manunga J(1)(2), Jordano L(3), Mirza AK(3)(4), Teng X(3)(4), Skeik N(3)(4), 
Eisenmenger L(5).

Author information:
(1)Section of Vascular and Endovascular Surgery, Minneapolis Heart Institute at 
Abbott Northwestern Hospital, 920 E 28th Street, Ste 300, Minneapolis, MN, 
55407, USA. Jesse.manunga@allina.com.
(2)Minneapolis Heart Institute foundation, University of Wisconsin at Madison, 
Minneapolis, MN, USA. Jesse.manunga@allina.com.
(3)Section of Vascular and Endovascular Surgery, Minneapolis Heart Institute at 
Abbott Northwestern Hospital, 920 E 28th Street, Ste 300, Minneapolis, MN, 
55407, USA.
(4)Minneapolis Heart Institute foundation, University of Wisconsin at Madison, 
Minneapolis, MN, USA.
(5)Department of Radiology, Division of neuroradiology, University of Wisconsin 
at Madison, Madison, USA.

PURPOSE: To describe technical details of modifying four different Cook Zenith 
devices to treat complex aortic aneurysms.
MATERIAL: In the first three cases, the modification process involved complete 
stent graft deployment on a sterile back table. Fenestrations were created using 
an ophthalmologic cautery and reinforced with a radiopaque snare using a 
double-armed 4-0 Ethibond locking suture based on measurements obtained on 
centerline of flow. In each instance, a nitinol wire was withdrawn and 
redirected through and through the fabric and used as a constraining wire. In 
the fourth patient, modification involved partial stent graft deployment and 
creation of additional two fenestrations to accommodate renal arteries. The 
devices are resheathed and implanted in the standard fashion.
RESULTS: Four patients underwent exclusion of their aneurysms, including 
thoracoabdominal aneurysms (n = 2), a contained ruptured juxtarenal aneurysm 
(n = 1), and a ruptured failed previous endovascular repair (n = 1). Fifteen 
fenestrations were successfully bridged with Atrium iCAST stent grafts. Average 
graft modification time, operative time, contrast volume, radiation dose, 
estimated blood loss, and hospital length of stay were 89 min, 155.25 min, 
58.8 mL, 2451 mGy, 175 mL, and 4.3 days, respectively. One patient required a 
secondary intervention to treat a type Ib endoleak. During an average follow-up 
of 25 months, aneurysm sacs progressively shrank without additional 
intervention.
CONCLUSION: Physician-modified fenestrated/branched endografts are a safe 
alternative to custom made devices, especially in urgent cases and should be 
part of the armamentarium of any complex aortic program.

DOI: 10.1186/s42155-021-00233-7
PMCID: PMC8167926
PMID: 34061297

Conflict of interest statement: None of the authors have any conflict of 
interest to disclose.


605. Pain Res Manag. 2021 May 10;2021:6690542. doi: 10.1155/2021/6690542. eCollection 
2021.

Photobiostimulatory Effect of a Single Dose of Low-Level Laser on Orthodontic 
Tooth Movement and Pain.

Qamruddin I(1), Alam MK(2), Mahroof V(3), Fida M(4), Khamis MF(5), Husein 
A(6)(7).

Author information:
(1)Sindh Institute of Oral Health Sciences, Jinnah Sindh Medical University, 
Karachi, Pakistan.
(2)Orthodontic Department, College of Dentistry, Jouf University, Sakaka 72721, 
Aljouf, Saudi Arabia.
(3)Orthodontic Department, Baqai Medical University, Karachi, Pakistan.
(4)Orthodontics Residency Programme, Section of Dental Surgery, Department of 
Surgery, Aga Khan University, Karachi, Pakistan.
(5)Oral Biology Unit, School of Dental Sciences, Universiti Sains Malaysia, 
Health Campus, Kota Bharu, Kelantan, Malaysia.
(6)Prosthodontic Unit, School of Dental Sciences, Universiti Sains Malaysia, 
Health Campus, Kubang Kerian 16150, Kota Bharu, Kelantan, Malaysia.
(7)Hospital Universiti Sains Malaysia, Kubang Kerian16150, Kota Bharu, Kelantan, 
Malaysia.

OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of low-level laser applied at 3 weeks intervals 
on orthodontic tooth movement (OTM) and pain using conventional brackets (CB).
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Twenty patients with Angle's class II div 1 (10 males and 
10 females; aged 20.25 ± 3.88 years) needing bilateral extractions of maxillary 
first bicuspids were recruited. Conventional brackets MBT of 0.022 in slot 
(McLaughlin Bennett Trevisi) prescription braces (Ortho Organizers, Carlsbad, 
Calif) were bonded. After alignment and levelling phase, cuspid retraction began 
with nitinol closed coil spring on 19 × 25 stainless steel archwire, wielding 
150 gram force. 7.5 J/cm2 energy was applied on 10 points (5 buccal and 5 
palatal) on the canine roots on the investigational side using 
gallium-aluminum-arsenic diode laser (940 nm wavelength, iLase™ Biolase, Irvine, 
USA) in a continuous mode. Target tissues were irradiated once in three weeks 
for 9 weeks at a stretch (T0, T1, and T2). Patients were given a feedback form 
based on the numeric rating scale (NRS) to record the pain intensity for a week. 
Silicon impressions preceded the coil activation at each visit (T0, T1, T2, and 
T3), and the casts obtained were scanned with the Planmeca CAD/CAM™ (Helsinki, 
Finland) scanner.
RESULTS: The regimen effectively accelerated (1.55 ± 0.25 mm) tooth movement 
with a significant reduction in distress on the investigational side as compared 
to the placebo side (94 ± 0.25 mm) (p < 0.05).
CONCLUSIONS: This study reveals that the thrice-weekly LLLT application can 
accelerate OTM and reduce the associated pain.

Copyright © 2021 Irfan Qamruddin et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/6690542
PMCID: PMC8131143
PMID: 34055122 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


606. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Ann Palliat Med. 2021 May;10(5):5366-5372. doi: 10.21037/apm-21-773. Epub 2021 
May 12.

The effect of sedentary time on the results of exercise therapy in patients with 
peripheral arterial disease complicated with type 2 diabetes.

Gu L(1), Duan L(2), Xie P(1), He L(3), Peng W(4), Zhou F(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation, Sichuan Provincial People's Hospital, University of 
Electronic Science and Technology of China, Chengdu, China.
(2)Department of Pediatrics, Sichuan Provincial People's Hospital, University of 
Electronic Science and Technology of China, Chengdu, China.
(3)Department of Pharmacy, Sichuan Provincial People's Hospital, University of 
Electronic Science and Technology of China, Chengdu, China.
(4)West China Second University Hospital, Sichuan University/West China Women's 
and Children's Hospital, Chengdu, China.

Retraction in
    Ann Palliat Med. 2021 Aug;10(8):9330. doi: 10.21037/apm-2021-06.

BACKGROUND: Peripheral artery disease (PAD) is a common chronic complication of 
type 2 diabetes (T2DM). This study sought to evaluate the effect of supervised 
exercise therapy (SET) on patients with PAD complicated with T2DM, and to assess 
the effect of changes in sedentary time on the results of SET treatment.
METHODS: A total of 100 PAD patients who were treated in our hospital from 
January 2019 to October 2020 were included, and the age, gender, body mass index 
(BMI), hypertension, smoking, and ankle brachial index (ABI) were collected. The 
patients were required to complete SET treatment 2-3 times a week for 12 weeks. 
Subsequently, the objective 6-minute walk test (6MWT) and Short Physical 
Performance Battery (SPPB) were used to assess body function. After adjusting 
for other key confounding variables such as age, gender, and smoking status, 
linear regression analysis was used to evaluate the effects of changes in 
sedentary time on the total distance of the 6MWT.
RESULTS: After 12 weeks of treatment, the total SPPB score of the patients 
increased from a baseline of 9.3±2.7 to 10.1±2.3 (P=0.025), the normal walking 
distance in the 6MWT increased from 108.9±26.8 to 148.9±29.5 m (P<0.001), the 
total walking distance increased from 322.5±93.4 to 348.5±86.1 m (P=0.042), and 
at the same time, the metabolic equivalent on the treadmill increased from 
2.6±0.7 to 3.9±1.4 (P<0.001). Compared with the baseline data, the proportion of 
time that patients spent engaged in mild physical activity at 6 weeks increased 
by 20%±10% (P=0.003), and the average daily sedentary time decreased by 6.5±2.8 
minutes (P=0.008), or by 3.1%±2.1% (P=0.04). Furthermore, compared with the 
baseline, the proportion of time that patients spent engaged in light and 
moderate physical activity at 12 weeks increased by 10%±3% (P=0.007) and 20%±10% 
(P=0.006), respectively, while the average sedentary time per day reduced by 
6.8±3.1 minutes (P=0.03), or by 3.6%±1.8% (P=0.005).
CONCLUSIONS: The reduction of sedentary time can significantly improve the 
effectiveness of exercise therapy in patients with PAD complicated by T2DM, and 
compared with patients with PAD alone, the improvement in patients complicated 
with T2DM is more significant.

DOI: 10.21037/apm-21-773
PMID: 34044553 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


607. Pain Res Manag. 2021 May 5;2021:6624723. doi: 10.1155/2021/6624723. eCollection 
2021.

Biostimulatory Effects of Low-Intensity Pulsed Ultrasound on Rate of Orthodontic 
Tooth Movement and Associated Pain, Applied at 3-Week Intervals: A Split-Mouth 
Study.

Qamruddin I(1), Alam MK(2), Mahroof V(3), Karim M(4), Fida M(5), Khamis MF(6), 
Husein A(4)(7).

Author information:
(1)Head of Orthodontic Department, Sindh Institute of Oral Health Sciences, 
Jinnah Sindh Medical University, Karachi, Pakistan.
(2)Orthodontic Department, College of Dentistry, Jouf University, Sakaka 72721, 
Aljouf, Saudi Arabia.
(3)Orthodontic Department, Baqai Medical University, Karachi, Pakistan.
(4)Prosthodontic Unit, School of Dental Sciences, Universiti Sains Malaysia, 
Health Campus, 16150 Kubang Kerian, Kota Bharu, Kelantan, Malaysia.
(5)Orthodontics Residency Programme, Section of Dental Surgery, Department of 
Surgery, Aga Khan University, Karachi, Pakistan.
(6)Oral Biology Unit, School of Dental Science, Universiti Sains Malaysia, Kota 
Bharu 16150, Kelantan, Malaysia.
(7)Hospital Universiti Sains Malaysia, 16150 Kubang Kerian, Kota Bharu, 
Kelantan, Malaysia.

OBJECTIVE: Low-intensity pulsed ultrasound (LIPUS) is a noninvasive modality to 
stimulate bone remodeling (BR) and the healing of hard and soft tissues. This 
research evaluates the biostimulatory effect of LIPUS on the rate of orthodontic 
tooth movement (OTM) and associated pain, when applied at 3-week intervals.
METHODS: Twenty-two patients (11 males and 11 females; mean age 19.18 ± 2.00 
years) having Angle's Class II division 1 malocclusion needing bilateral 
extractions of maxillary first bicuspids were recruited for this split-mouth 
randomized clinical trial. After the initial stage of alignment and leveling 
with contemporary edgewise MBT (McLaughlin-Bennett-Trevisi) prescription 
brackets (Ortho Organizers, Carlsbad, Calif) of 22 mil, followed by extractions 
of premolars bilaterally, 6 mm nickel-titanium spring was used to retract the 
canines separately by applying 150 g force on 0.019 × 0.025-in stainless steel 
working archwires. LIPUS (1.1 MHz frequency and 30 mW/cm2 intensity output) was 
applied for 20 minutes extraorally and reapplied after 3 weeks for 2 more 
successive visits over the root of maxillary canine on the experimental side 
whereas the other side was placebo. A numerical rating scale- (NRS-) based 
questionnaire was given to the patients on each visit to record their weekly 
pain experience. Impressions were also made at each visit before the application 
of LIPUS (T1, T2, and T3). Models were scanned with a CAD/CAM scanner (Planmeca, 
Helsinki, Finland). Mann-Whitney U test was applied for comparison of canine 
movement and pain intensity between both the groups.
RESULTS: No significant difference in the rate of canine movement was found 
among the experimental (0.90 mm ± 0.33 mm) and placebo groups 
(0.81 mm ± 0.32 mm). There was no difference in pain reduction between 
experimental and placebo groups (p > 0.05).
CONCLUSION: Single-dose application of LIPUS at 3-week intervals is ineffective 
in stimulating the OTM and reducing associated treatment pain.

Copyright © 2021 Irfan Qamruddin et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/6624723
PMCID: PMC8118727
PMID: 34035871 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


608. Dent Mater J. 2021 Sep 30;40(5):1142-1150. doi: 10.4012/dmj.2020-273. Epub 2021 
May 21.

In-air micro-proton-induced X-ray/gamma-ray emission analysis of the acid 
resistance of root dentin after applying fluoride-containing materials 
incorporating calcium.

Yagi K(1), Uemura R(1), Yamamoto H(1), Ishimoto T(2), Naito K(1), Itoh S(1), 
Matsuda Y(3), Okuyama K(4), Nakano T(2), Hayashi M(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Restorative Dentistry and Endodontology, Osaka University 
Graduate School of Dentistry.
(2)Division of Materials and Manufacturing Science, Osaka University Graduate 
School of Engineering.
(3)Division of Clinical Cariology and Endodontology, Health Sciences University 
of Hokkaido Graduate School of Dentistry.
(4)Department of Dental Materials Sciences, Asahi University School of 
Dentistry.

This study employed an in-air micro-proton-induced X-ray/gamma-ray emission 
system to assess the effectiveness of fluoride-containing materials (FCMs) 
incorporating calcium in preventing root caries. Dentin surfaces of human third 
molars were coated with one of three FCMs: fluoride-releasing glass-ionomer 
cement (F7) and experimental materials in which half (P1) or all (P2) of the 
strontium in F7 was replaced with calcium. Dentin without FCM coating served as 
the control. Specimens were immersed in saline at 37°C for 1 month, sectioned, 
and then demineralized. Calcium loss after demineralization was lower in the 
Ca-substituted groups than in the Ca-unsubstituted groups (p<0.05). Calcium loss 
was negatively correlated with fluoride uptake (p<0.01). In the F7, P1, and P2 
groups, the retraction of the dentin surface was significantly suppressed as 
compared with the control group. FCMs incorporating calcium improved the acid 
resistance of root dentin and could help prevent root caries.

DOI: 10.4012/dmj.2020-273
PMID: 34024882 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


609. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cell Mol Med. 2020 Aug;24(16):9101-9113. doi: 10.1111/jcmm.15545. Epub 2020 
Jul 7.

Ectopic expression of ROR1 prevents cochlear hair cell loss in guinea pigs with 
noise-induced hearing loss.

Zhang J(1), Zhang W(2), Zhang Q(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Children's Rehabilitation, Linyi People's Hospital, Linyi, 
China.
(2)Electrocardiogram Room, Linyi People's Hospital, Linyi, China.

Retraction in
    J Cell Mol Med. 2024 Feb;28(4):e18169. doi: 10.1111/jcmm.18169.

Noise-induced hearing loss (NIHL) is one of the most frequent disabilities in 
industrialized countries. Evidence shows that hair cell loss in the auditory end 
organ is responsible for the majority of various ear pathological conditions. 
The functional roles of the receptor tyrosine kinase ROR1 have been underscored 
in various tumours. In this study, we evaluated the ability of ROR1 to influence 
cochlear hair cell loss of guinea pigs with NIHL. The NIHL model was developed 
in guinea pigs, with subsequent measurement of the auditory brainstem response 
(ABR). Gain-of-function experiments were employed to explore the role of ROR1 in 
NIHL. The interaction between ROR1 and Wnt5a and their functions in the cochlear 
hair cell loss were further analysed in response to alteration of ROR1 and 
Wnt5a. Guinea pigs with NIHL demonstrated elevated ABR threshold and 
down-regulated ROR1, Wnt5a and NF-κB p65. The up-regulation of ROR1 was shown to 
decrease the cochlear hair cell loss and the expression of pro-apoptotic gene 
(Bax, p53) in guinea pig cochlea, but promoted the expression of anti-apoptotic 
gene (Bcl-2) and the fluorescence intensity of cleaved-caspase-3. ROR1 
interacted with Wnt5a to activate the NF-κB signalling pathway through inducing 
phosphorylation and translocation of p65. Furthermore, Wnt5a overexpression 
decreased the cochlear hair cell loss. Collectively, this study suggested the 
protection of overexpression of ROR1 against cochlear hair cell loss in guinea 
pigs with NIHL via the Wnt5a-dependent NF-κB signalling pathway.

© 2020 The Authors. Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine published by 
Foundation for Cellular and Molecular Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/jcmm.15545
PMCID: PMC7417695
PMID: 34008309 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


610. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2021 Apr 30;2021:5572252. doi: 10.1155/2021/5572252. eCollection 
2021.

Investigating the Possibility of Green Synthesis of Silver Nanoparticles Using 
Vaccinium arctostaphlyos Extract and Evaluating Its Antibacterial Properties.

Khodadadi S(1), Mahdinezhad N(1), Fazeli-Nasab B(2)(3), Heidari MJ(4), Fakheri 
B(1), Miri A(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Biotechnology and Plant Breeding, Faculty of Agriculture, 
University of Zabol, Zabol, Iran.
(2)Research Department of Agronomy and Plant Breeding, Agricultural Research 
Institute, University of Zabol, Zabol, Iran.
(3)Department of Biotechnology and Plant Breeding, Faculty of Agriculture, 
Ferdowsi University of Mashhad, Mashhad, Iran.
(4)Faculty of Pharmacy, Cyprus International University, Lefkosa, Turkish 
Republic of Northern Cyprus, Lefkosa, Cyprus.
(5)Department of Pharmacognosy, School of Pharmacy, Zabol University of Medical 
Sciences, Zabol, Iran.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2024 Mar 20;2024:9835064. doi: 10.1155/2024/9835064.

OBJECTIVE: Vaccinium genus plants have medicinal value, of which Vaccinium 
arctostaphylos (Caucasian whortleberry or Qare-Qat in the local language) is the 
only available species in Iran. Public tendency to use herbal remedies and 
natural products such as synthesized nanoparticles is increasing due to the 
proof of the destructive side effects of chemical drugs. Nanosilver products 
have been effective against more than 650 microbe types. This study was aimed at 
assessing the possibility of green synthesis of silver nanoparticles using 
Vaccinium arctostaphylos aqueous extract and at evaluating its antibacterial 
properties, as well.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: In order to synthesize silver nanoparticles, different 
volumes of Vaccinium arctostaphylos aqueous extract (3, 5, 10, 15, and 30 ml) 
were assessed with different silver nitrate solution concentrations (0.5, 1, 3, 
5, and 10 mM) and different reaction time durations (1, 3, 5, 10, and 20 
minutes) at room temperature using a rotary shaker with a speed of 150 rpm. 
Ultraviolet-visible (UV-Vis) spectroscopy, X-ray diffraction analysis (XRD), 
Fourier transform infrared (FTIR) spectroscopy, and scanning electron microscopy 
(SEM) were carried out. The antibacterial activity of the aqueous extract and 
the synthesized nanoparticles was evaluated, as well.
RESULTS: Silver nanoparticle formation process was confirmed with XRD analysis, 
transmission electron microscopy (TEM), and FTIR spectroscopy. The UV-Vis 
spectroscopy of silver colloidal nanoparticles showed a surface plasmon 
resonance peak at 443 nm under optimal conditions (3 ml aqueous extract volume, 
1 mM silver nitrate solution concentration, and 3 min reaction time under 
sunlight exposure). The reduction of silver ions to silver nanoparticles in 
solution was confirmed, as well. Based on X-ray diffraction analysis, the size 
of silver nanoparticles was in the range of 7-16 nm. TEM images showed an even 
distribution of silver nanoparticles, with a spherical shape. FTIR spectroscopy 
demonstrated the presence of different functional groups of oxygenated compounds 
such as carboxyl, hydroxyl, and nitrogenous groups. The antibacterial properties 
of the synthesized nanoparticles were confirmed.
CONCLUSION: The synthesized nanoparticles showed more antibacterial properties 
against gram-positive bacteria (Bacillus subtilis and Staphylococcus aureus) 
than gram-negative ones (Escherichia coli and Salmonella enteritidis).

Copyright © 2021 Sedighe Khodadadi et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/5572252
PMCID: PMC8110411
PMID: 33997013 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


611. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2021 Apr 20;2021:8811751. doi: 10.1155/2021/8811751. eCollection 
2021.

Molecular Mechanism of Expression Changes of Immunological Indexes of 
PD-1/sPD-L1 after Radiotherapy in Nonsmall Cell Lung Cancer.

Qu Y(1), Wang H(1), Liu H(1), Sun X(1), Li J(1), Yu H(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Cancer Hospital of China Medical 
University, Liaoning Cancer Hospital & Institute, Shenyang 110042, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2024 Jan 9;2024:9865398. doi: 10.1155/2024/9865398.

It is aimed at investigating the changes of serum soluble programmed 
death-ligand 1 (sPD-L1) expression level in nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) 
before and after radiotherapy, the correlation of PD-L1, PD-1, and proteins of 
Akt (protein kinase B), mTOR, and HIF-1α, and the molecular mechanism of the 
PD-1/PD-L1 pathway in the development of NSCLS. A total of 126 NSCLC patients 
receiving radiotherapy in Liaoning Cancer Hospital from September 2018 to 
September 2019 were selected as the observation group, and another 58 healthy 
volunteers were selected as the control group. NSCLC patients were divided into 
group A (stage I-II, stereotactic radiotherapy) and group B (stage III, 
intensity-modulated radiation therapy) according to the cancer stage. The 
efficacy of radiotherapy was evaluated, and sPD-L1 expression was detected by 
ELISA. The immunohistochemical staining was adopted to detect protein 
expressions of Akt, mTOR, and HIF-1α in NSCLC tissues. The correlation between 
their expression and expression of PD-L1 and PD-1 was analyzed. The results 
showed that the overall response rate (ORR) of group A was 89.29%, the clinical 
benefit response (CBR) was 96.43%, the median survival time (MST) was 25 months, 
and the survival rate within three years was 72.56%. In group B, the ORR was 
70.41%, the CBR was 97.96%, the MST was 18 months, and the survival rate within 
three years was 34.67%. Comparison of overall serum sPD-L1 expression in the 
control group, group A, and group B and between groups before radiotherapy was 
statistically significant (P < 0.01). After radiotherapy, serum sPD-L1 
expression in group A and group B decreased compared with that before 
radiotherapy (P < 0.01). Among NSCLC patients, the positive expression rate of 
Akt, mTOR, and HIF-1α was 71.32%, 41.26%, and 80.65%, respectively. PD-L1 
expression and Akt, mTOR, and HIF-1α expression showed a significant 
correlation. PD1 expression and Akt, mTOR, and HIF-1α expression also showed a 
significant correlation. It indicated that the expression level of sPD-L1 in 
NSCLC patients was higher than that in normal subjects, but the expression level 
of sPD-L1 was decreased after radiotherapy. PD-1/PD-L1 may play important roles 
in NSCLC procession through the Akt/mTOR and HIF-1α pathway.

Copyright © 2021 Yanli Qu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/8811751
PMCID: PMC8079205
PMID: 33987445 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no known 
competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared 
to influence the work reported in this paper.


612. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Adv Exp Med Biol. 2021;1269:169-177. doi: 10.1007/978-3-030-48238-1_27.

The Warburg Effect: Historical Dogma Versus Current Rationale.

Vaupel P(1), Multhoff G(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Tumor Pathophysiology Group, University 
Medical Center, Mainz, Germany. vaupel@uni-mainz.de.
(2)Center for Translational Cancer Research, Klinikum rechts der Isar, Technical 
University Munich, Munich, Germany.

Retraction in
    Adv Exp Med Biol. 2021;1269:C3. doi: 10.1007/978-3-030-48238-1_64.

Contrary to Warburg's original thesis, accelerated aerobic glycolysis is not a 
primary and permanent consequence of dysfunctional mitochondria compensating for 
a poor ATP yield per mole glucose. Instead, the Warburg effect is an essential 
part of a "selfish" metabolic reprogramming, which results from the interplay 
between (normoxic or hypoxic) HIF-1 overexpression, oncogene activation (cMyc, 
Ras), loss of function of tumor suppressors (mutant p53, mutant PTEN, microRNAs 
and sirtuins with suppressor functions), activated (PI3K/Akt/mTORC1, 
Ras/Raf/Mek/Erk/c-Myc) or deactivated (AMPK) signaling pathways, components of 
the tumor microenvironment, and HIF-1 cooperations with epigenetic mechanisms. 
Molecular and functional processes of the Warburg effect include (a) 
considerably accelerated glycolytic fluxes; (b) adequate ATP generation per unit 
time to maintain energy homeostasis; (c) backup and diversion of glycolytic 
intermediates facilitating the biosynthesis of nucleotides, nonessential amino 
acids, lipids, and hexosamines; (d) inhibition of pyruvate entry into 
mitochondria; (e) excessive formation and accumulation of lactate which 
stimulates tumor growth and suppression of antitumor immunity (in addition, 
lactate can serve as an energy source for normoxic cancer cells, contributes to 
extracellular acidosis, and thus drives malignant progression and resistances to 
conventional therapies); (f) maintenance of the cellular redox homeostasis and 
low ROS formation; and (g) HIF-1 overexpression, mutant p53, and mutant PTEN 
which inhibit mitochondrial biogenesis and functions, thus negatively impacting 
cellular respiration rate. The glycolytic switch is an early event in 
oncogenesis and primarily supports cell survival. All in all, the Warburg 
effect, i.e., aerobic glycolysis in the presence of oxygen and - in principle - 
functioning mitochondria, constitutes a major driver of the cancer progression 
machinery, resistance to conventional therapies, and - finally - poor patient 
outcome.

DOI: 10.1007/978-3-030-48238-1_27
PMID: 33966213 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


613. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2021 Apr 16;2021:8072126. doi: 10.1155/2021/8072126. 
eCollection 2021.

TAP Test Image Dynamic Tracking Study after Thyroid Cancer Surgery and after 
Radiotherapy and Chemotherapy.

Wang C(1), Gu Y(1), Men X(1), Sun P(2), Chen M(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Galactophore Surgery, Weifang People's Hospital, Shandong 
261041, China.
(2)Weifang Medical University, Shandong 261041, China.
(3)Weifang Brain Hospital Emergency Department, Shandong 261041, China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9898025. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9898025.

Thyroid cancer is a relatively common endocrine gland malignant tumor; if 
improper treatment, there will be a high risk of recurrence or metastasis, and 
abnormal sugar chain glycoprotein (TAP) has a close relationship with the 
development of the disease; therefore, the purpose of this article is to discuss 
abnormal sugar chain glycoprotein (TAP) as thyroid cancer curative effect 
evaluation and radiation and chemotherapy after surgery clinical significance. 
In this paper, 95 patients with thyroid cancer diagnosed in a hospital were 
selected as the study objects and treated as the observation group. The clinical 
and follow-up data of the observation group were retrospectively analyzed. 
Meanwhile, 55 healthy patients were randomly selected as the control group. TAP, 
squamous cell carcinoma antigen (SCC) level, and carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) 
level were detected in peripheral blood of 95 patients with thyroid cancer 
before and after treatment. The short-term efficacy was evaluated by chest CT 
examination, and the changes of the three markers before and after treatment and 
the correlation with the short-term efficacy of the patients were compared. 
According to the results of testing, the TAP positive expression in patients 
before radiotherapy can better predict the recent curative effect has certain 
clinical value; before radiotherapy TAP positive expression rate was 
significantly higher than that of healthy people, TAP positive expression 
quantity decreased obviously after radiation treatment, and patients with a 
recent radiotherapy curative effect is good or bad and negatively correlated 
with the degree of TAP protein positive expression; TAP high protein in patients 
with recent poor radiation effects, prompt the factor can be predicted in the 
near future curative effect of the molecular markers, and can TAP level for 
clinicians provide certain reference for targeted therapy.

Copyright © 2021 Changliang Wang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/8072126
PMCID: PMC8068541
PMID: 33953794 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: There are no potential competing interests in 
our paper. And all authors have seen the manuscript and approved to submit to 
your journal. We confirm that the content of the manuscript has not been 
published or submitted for publication elsewhere.


614. Orthop Surg. 2021 Jun;13(4):1458-1461. doi: 10.1111/os.12930. Epub 2021 May 5.

Anteroinferior Psoas Technique for Oblique Lateral Lumbar Interbody Fusion.

Zhu HF(1)(2), Fang XQ(1)(2), Zhao FD(1)(2), Zhang JF(1)(2), Zhao X(1)(2), Hu 
ZJ(1)(2), Fan SW(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Orthopaedics, Sir Run Run Shaw Hospital, School of Medicine, 
Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.
(2)Key Laboratory of Musculoskeletal System Degeneration and Regeneration 
Translational Research of Zhejiang Province, Hangzhou, China.

Oblique lateral lumbar interbody fusion (OLIF) has been extensively used, with 
satisfactory outcomes for the treatment of degenerative lumbar disease. This 
article aims to demonstrate a modified lateral approach, also known as the 
anteroinferior psoas (AIP) technique for OLIF, which is expected to enhance 
security by operating under direct vision. The core procedures of our technique 
are as follows. First, a minimal skin incision is recommended 2 cm backward 
compared with the normal incision of OLIF, facilitating the oblique placement of 
the working channel and the orthogonal maneuver for the cage placement. Second, 
two special custom-made retractors, as an alternative to the index finger, are 
used to pull the psoas muscle to the dorsal side and pull the abdominal organs 
together with extraperitoneal fate to the ventral side under direct 
visualization, making the exposure of the working channel convenient and safe 
and avoiding radiation exposure. Third, the anterior border of the psoas is 
bluntly dissected and retracted backwards, obviously enlarging the 
retroperitoneal anatomic corridor and then expanding clinical indications of 
OLIF. The benefits of this technique include that it has a short learning curve, 
satisfactory clinical outcomes, and low risk of perioperative complications.

© 2021 The Authors. Orthopaedic Surgery published by Chinese Orthopaedic 
Association and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/os.12930
PMCID: PMC8274190
PMID: 33951305 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


615. Biochim Biophys Acta Mol Cell Biol Lipids. 2021 Aug;1866(8):158946. doi: 
10.1016/j.bbalip.2021.158946. Epub 2021 Apr 28.

Retraction notice to "FASN-TGF-β1-PD-L1 axis contributes to the development of 
resistance to NK cell cytotoxicity of cisplatin-resistant lung cancer cells" 
[BBA - Molecular and Cell Biology of Lipids 1863/3 (March 2018) 313-322].

Shen M(1), Tsai Y(2), Zhu R(1), Keng PC(2), Chen Y(3), Chen Y(2), Lee SO(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY 14642, USA; Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, 
The Second Affiliated Hospital of Soochow University, Suzhou, Jiangsu 215004, PR 
China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY 14642, USA.
(3)Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, The Second Affiliated Hospital of 
Soochow University, Suzhou, Jiangsu 215004, PR China.

Retraction of
    Biochim Biophys Acta Mol Cell Biol Lipids. 2018 Mar;1863(3):313-322. doi: 
10.1016/j.bbalip.2017.12.012.

DOI: 10.1016/j.bbalip.2021.158946
PMID: 33933375


616. Oper Neurosurg (Hagerstown). 2021 Jul 15;21(2):E105-E106. doi: 
10.1093/ons/opab126.

Zygomatic Approach to Cavernous Sinus Chordoma: 2-Dimensional Operative Video.

Aversa A(1)(2), Al-Mefty O(3).

Author information:
(1)Division of Neurosurgery, National Institute of Cancer, Rio de Janeiro, 
Brazil.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Federal University of Rio de Janeiro, Rio de 
Janeiro, Brazil.
(3)Department of Neurosurgery, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical 
School, Boston, Massachusetts, USA.

Chordoma is not a benign disease. It grows invasively, has a high rate of local 
recurrence, metastasizes, and seeds in the surgical field.1 Thus, chordoma 
should be treated aggressively with radical resection that includes the soft 
tissue mass and the involved surrounding bone that contains islands of 
chordoma.2-5 High-dose radiation, commonly by proton beam therapy, is 
administered after gross total resection for long-term control. About half of 
chordoma cases occupy the cavernous sinus space and resecting this extension is 
crucial to obtain radical resection. Fortunately, the cavernous sinus proper 
extension is the easier part to remove and pre-existing cranial nerves deficit 
has good chance of recovery. As chordomas originate and are always present 
extradurally (prior to invading the dura), an extradural access to chordomas is 
the natural way for radical resection without brain manipulation. The zygomatic 
approach is key to the middle fossa, cavernous sinus, petrous apex, and 
infratemporal fossa; it minimizes the depth of field and is highly advantageous 
in chordoma located mainly lateral to the cavernous carotid artery.6-12 This 
article demonstrates the advantages of this approach, including the mobilization 
of the zygomatic arch alleviating temporal lobe retraction, the peeling of the 
middle fossa dura for exposure of the cavernous sinus, the safe dissection of 
the trigeminal and oculomotor nerves, and total control of the petrous and 
cavernous carotid artery. Tumor extensions to the sphenoid sinus, sella, petrous 
apex, and clivus can be removed. The patient is a 30-yr-old who consented for 
surgery.

© Congress of Neurological Surgeons 2021.

DOI: 10.1093/ons/opab126
PMID: 33930168 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


617. Cancers (Basel). 2021 Apr 28;13(9):2131. doi: 10.3390/cancers13092131.

IFN-γ Critically Enables the Intratumoural Infiltration of CXCR3(+) CD8(+) T 
Cells to Drive Squamous Cell Carcinoma Regression.

Zeng Z(1), Veitch M(1), Kelly GA(1), Tuong ZK(2), Cruz JG(1), Frazer IH(1), 
Wells JW(1)(3).

Author information:
(1)University of Queensland Diamantina Institute, Faculty of Medicine, 
University of Queensland, Brisbane, QLD 4102, Australia.
(2)Department of Medicine, University of Cambridge, Cambridge CB2 0QH, UK.
(3)Dermatology Research Centre, The University of Queensland, University of 
Queensland Diamantina Institute, Brisbane, QLD 4102, Australia.

Ultraviolet (UV) radiation-induced tumours carry a high mutational load, are 
highly immunogenic, and often fail to grow when transplanted into normal, 
syngeneic mice. The aim of this study was to investigate factors critical for 
the immune-mediated rejection of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). In our 
rejection model, transplanted SCC establish and grow in mice immunosuppressed 
with tacrolimus. When tacrolimus is withdrawn, established SCC tumours 
subsequently undergo immune-mediated tumour rejection. Through the depletion of 
individual immune subsets at the time of tacrolimus withdrawal, we established a 
critical role for CD8+ T cells, but not CD4+ T cells, γδ T cells, or NK cells, 
in driving the regression of SCC. Regression was critically dependent on IFN-γ, 
although IFN-γ was not directly cytotoxic to SCC cells. IFN-γ-neutralisation 
abrogated SCC regression, significantly reduced CD8+ T cell-infiltration into 
SCC, and significantly impaired the secretion of CXCL9, CXCL10 and CCL5 within 
the tumour microenvironment. A strong positive correlation was revealed between 
CXCL10 expression and CD8+ T cell abundance in tumours. Indeed, blockade of the 
CXCL10 receptor CXCR3 at the time of tacrolimus withdrawal prevented CD8+ T cell 
infiltration and the regression of SCC. Chimeric models revealed an important 
role for immune cells as producers of IFN-γ, but not as recipients of IFN-γ 
signals via the IFN-γ receptor. Together, these findings suggest a key role for 
IFN-γ in driving the expression of chemokines within the tumour environment 
essential for the destruction of established SCC by CD8+ T cells.

DOI: 10.3390/cancers13092131
PMCID: PMC8124943
PMID: 33925140

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest. The 
funders had no role in study design; data collection, analysis, or 
interpretation; decision to publish; writing of the manuscript; or in the 
decision to publish the results.


618. Oral Oncol. 2021 Sep;120:105289. doi: 10.1016/j.oraloncology.2021.105289. Epub 
2021 Apr 25.

Mucosal resurfacing of the suprastructure maxillectomy cavity using nasal cavity 
mucosa flaps.

Lee DH(1), Lim SC(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Chonnam National 
University Medical School & Chonnam National University Hwasun Hospital, 
Jeonnam, Republic of Korea.
(2)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Chonnam National 
University Medical School & Chonnam National University Hwasun Hospital, 
Jeonnam, Republic of Korea. Electronic address: limsc@jnu.ac.kr.

OBJECTIVE: We analyzed clinical data of patients in which the suprastructure 
maxillectomy site was covered with nasal cavity mucosa flaps with or without 
free mucosa graft from the nasal septum, to determine the usefulness of this 
procedure.
PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of four edentulous patients who had the 
suprastructure maxillectomy site covered using nasal cavity mucosa flaps with or 
without free mucosa graft from the nasal septum between 2014 and 2020, were 
analyzed.
RESULTS: All patients underwent suprastructure maxillectomy using the external 
approach. There were no major complications resulting from surgical 
intervention. Radiotherapy (RT) was performed in all patients after surgery. All 
nasal cavity mucosa flaps survived after RT. There was mild cheek retraction, 
but to a degree that was cosmetically tolerable in all patients. Local 
recurrence and distant metastasis to the orbit occurred in one patient. Among 
four patients, two patients died during follow-up, including one tumor related 
death and one death from old age.
CONCLUSION: We demonstrated that the use of nasal cavity mucosal flap to cover 
the suprastructure maxillectomy cavity was effective in improving the patient's 
quality of life by minimizing wound problems and facial contour changes such as 
cheek retraction despite postoperative RT.

Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.oraloncology.2021.105289
PMID: 33910781 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


619. Int J Prosthodont. 2021 Mar-Apr;34(2):261-266. doi: 10.11607/ijp.7241.

Tissue Retraction for Head and Neck Radiotherapy in Edentulous Patients.

Herpel C, Kostunov J, Held T, Christ L, Adeberg S, Rammelsberg P, Schwindling 
FS.

Tissue retraction devices (TRDs) are used for head and neck radiotherapy to 
displace soft tissues and fixate the mandible. They can increase the accuracy of 
irradiation and reduce its side effects, such as oral mucositis. However, no 
method has been described for fabrication of TRDs in edentulous patients. In 
this case report, an edentulous 67-year-old patient undergoing radiotherapy of 
the tongue was provided with a TRD. The tongue was immobilized, ensuring 
irradiation consistency and the retraction of healthy oral tissues. Using 3D 
printing, an efficient workflow for fabrication of TRDs based on the patient's 
existing complete prostheses can be realized.

DOI: 10.11607/ijp.7241
PMID: 33882571 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


620. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Front Oncol. 2021 Apr 1;11:649176. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2021.649176. eCollection 
2021.

Akt Inhibition Enhanced the Growth Inhibition Effects of Low-Dose Heavy-Ion 
Radiation via the PI3K/Akt/p53 Signaling Pathway in C6 Glioblastoma Cells.

Huang K(1), Zhao W(2), Wang X(1), Qiu Y(1), Liu Z(1), Chen R(1), Liu W(3)(4), 
Liu B(1)(4).

Author information:
(1)School/Hospital of Stomatology, Lanzhou University, Lanzhou, China.
(2)Peking University People's Hospital, Peking University, Beijing, China.
(3)Lanzhou University Second Hospital, Lanzhou University, Lanzhou, China.
(4)The School of Nuclear Science and Technology, Lanzhou University, Lanzhou, 
China.

Retraction in
    Front Oncol. 2023 May 25;13:1205993. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2023.1205993.

BACKGROUND: Glioma has one of the highest mortality rates of all tumors of the 
nervous system and commonly used treatments almost always fail to achieve tumor 
control. Low-dose carbon-ion radiation can effectively target cancer and tumor 
cells, but the mechanisms of growth inhibition induced by heavy-ion radiation 
via the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway are unknown, and inhibition by heavy-ion 
radiation is minor in C6 cells.
METHODS: Carbon-ion radiation was used to investigate the effects of heavy-ion 
radiation on C6 cells, and suppression of Akt was performed using perifosine. 
MTT assays were used to investigate optimal perifosine treatment concentrations. 
Clone formation assays were used to investigate the growth inhibition effects of 
carbon-ion radiation and the effects of radiation with Akt inhibition. Lactate 
dehydrogenase release, superoxide dismutase activity, and malondialdehyde 
content were assessed to investigate oxidative stress levels. Expression levels 
of proteins in the PI3K/Akt/p53 signaling pathway were assessed via western 
blotting.
RESULTS: The 10% maximum inhibitory concentration of perifosine was 19.95 μM. In 
clone formation assays there was no significant inhibition of cell growth after 
treatment with heavy-ion irradiation, whereas perifosine enhanced inhibition. 
Heavy-ion radiation induced lactate dehydrogenase release, increased the level 
of malondialdehyde, and reduced superoxide dismutase activity. Akt inhibition 
promoted these processes. Heavy-ion radiation treatment downregulated Akt 
expression, and upregulated B-cell lymphoma-2 (Bcl-2) expression. p53 and Bcl-2 
expression were significantly upregulated, and Bcl-2-associated X protein (Bax) 
expression was downregulated. The expression profiles of pAkt, Bcl-2, and Bax 
were reversed by perifosine treatment. Caspase 3 expression was upregulated in 
all radiation groups.
CONCLUSIONS: The growth inhibition effects of low-dose heavy-ion irradiation 
were not substantial in C6 cells, and Akt inhibition induced by perifosine 
enhanced the growth inhibition effects via proliferation inhibition, apoptosis, 
and oxidative stress. Akt inhibition enhanced the effects of heavy-ion 
radiation, and the PI3K/Akt/p53 signaling pathway may be a critical component 
involved in the process.

Copyright © 2021 Huang, Zhao, Wang, Qiu, Liu, Chen, Liu and Liu.

DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2021.649176
PMCID: PMC8047659
PMID: 33869050

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


621. Radiat Oncol. 2021 Apr 17;16(1):75. doi: 10.1186/s13014-021-01803-8.

3D-printed individualized tooth-borne tissue retraction devices compared to 
conventional dental splints for head and neck cancer radiotherapy: a randomized 
controlled trial.

Held T(1)(2)(3), Herpel C(4), Schwindling FS(4), Christ L(5)(6), Lang 
K(5)(6)(7), Regnery S(5)(6)(7), Eichkorn T(5)(6)(7), Hommertgen A(5)(6), Jaekel 
C(5)(6), Krisam J(8), Moratin J(9), Mrosek J(9), Metzger K(9), Zaoui K(10), 
Moutsis T(10), Harrabi S(5)(6)(7)(11)(12)(13), Herfarth K(5)(6)(7)(11)(12)(13), 
Freudlsperger C(9), Rammelsberg P(4), Debus J(5)(6)(7)(11)(12)(13), Adeberg 
S(5)(6)(7)(11)(12)(13).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Heidelberg University Hospital, Im 
Neuenheimer Feld 400, 69120, Heidelberg, Germany. 
thomas.held@med.uni-heidelberg.de.
(2)Heidelberg Institute of Radiation Oncology (HIRO), Heidelberg, Germany. 
thomas.held@med.uni-heidelberg.de.
(3)National Center for Tumor Diseases (NCT), Heidelberg, Germany. 
thomas.held@med.uni-heidelberg.de.
(4)Department of Prosthetic Dentistry, Heidelberg University Hospital, 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Heidelberg University Hospital, Im 
Neuenheimer Feld 400, 69120, Heidelberg, Germany.
(6)Heidelberg Institute of Radiation Oncology (HIRO), Heidelberg, Germany.
(7)National Center for Tumor Diseases (NCT), Heidelberg, Germany.
(8)Institute of Medical Biometry and Informatics (IMBI), Heidelberg University 
Hospital, Heidelberg, Germany.
(9)Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, University Hospital Heidelberg, 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(10)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, University of Heidelberg, Heidelberg, 
Germany.
(11)Clinical Cooperation Unit Radiation Oncology, German Cancer Research Center 
(DKFZ), Heidelberg, Germany.
(12)Heidelberg Ion-Beam Therapy Center (HIT), Heidelberg, Germany.
(13)German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), partner site Heidelberg, German Cancer 
Research Center (DKFZ), Heidelberg, Germany.

BACKGROUND: Despite modern treatment techniques, radiotherapy (RT) in patients 
with head and neck cancer (HNC) may be associated with high rates of acute and 
late treatment-related toxicity. The most effective approach to reduce sequelae 
after RT is to avoid as best as possible healthy tissues and organs at risk from 
the radiation target volume. Even small geometric changes can lead to a 
significant dose reduction in normal tissue and better treatment tolerability. 
The major objective of the current study is to investigate 3D printed, 
tooth-borne tissue retraction devices (TRDs) compared to conventional dental 
splints for head and neck RT.
METHODS: In the current two-arm randomized controlled phase II trial, a maximum 
of 34 patients with HNC will be enrolled. Patients will receive either TRDs or 
conventional dental splints (randomization ratio 1:1) for the RT. The definition 
of the target volume, modality, total dose, fractionation, and imaging guidance 
is not study-specific. The primary endpoint of the study is the rate of acute 
radiation-induced oral mucositis after RT. The quality of life, local control 
and overall survival 12 months after RT are the secondary endpoints. Also, 
patient-reported outcomes and dental status, as well as RT plan comparisons and 
robustness analyzes, will be assessed as exploratory endpoints. Finally, 
mesenchymal stem cells, derived from the patients' gingiva, will be tested in 
vitro for regenerative and radioprotective properties.
DISCUSSION: The preliminary clinical application of TRD showed a high potential 
for reducing acute and late toxicity of RT in patients with HNC. The current 
randomized study is the first to prospectively investigate the clinical 
tolerability and efficacy of TRDs for radiation treatment of head and neck 
tumors.
TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov; NCT04454697; July 1st 2020; 
https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/record/NCT04454697 .

DOI: 10.1186/s13014-021-01803-8
PMCID: PMC8052727
PMID: 33865401 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: S.A. received grants from Novocure Inc., Accuray 
International Sàrl and Merck Serono GmbH outside the submitted work. J.D. 
received grants from CRI–The Clinical Research Institute GmbH, View Ray Inc., 
Accuray International Sàrl, Accuray Incorporated, RaySearch Laboratories AB, 
Vision RT limited, Merck Serono GmbH, Astellas Pharma GmbH, Astra Zeneca GmbH, 
Solution Akademie GmbH, Ergomed PLC Surrey Research Park, Siemens Healthcare 
GmbH, Quintiles GmbH, Pharmaceutical Research Associates GmbH, Boehringer 
Ingelheim Pharma GmbH Co, PTW-Freiburg Dr. Pychlau GmbH, Nanobiotix A.A. outside 
the submitted work. The other authors declare no conflict of interest.


622. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Front Oncol. 2021 Mar 25;11:630241. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2021.630241. eCollection 
2021.

LncRNA SNHG19 Promotes the Development of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer via 
Mediating miR-137/E2F7 Axis.

Zhao GY(1), Ning ZF(2), Wang R(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University 
School of Medicine, Shanghai, China.
(2)Radiotherapy Branch, Cancer Hospital, Taian, China.
(3)Department of Thoracic Surgery, The Third Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing 
Medical University, Chongqing, China.

Retraction in
    Front Oncol. 2021 Dec 29;11:840907. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2021.840907.

OBJECTIVE: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is a common malignant tumor, which 
has high incidence and low the 5-year survival rate. Long non-coding RNAs 
(lncRNAs) play critical roles in carcinoma occurrence and metastasis. Herein, 
our aim was to investigate the effects of lncRNA SNHG19 in NSCLC progression.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Long non-coding RNA Small Nucleolar RNA Host Gene 19 
(lncRNA SNHG19) expression level was measured by bioinformatics and qRT-PCR. 
Edu, Transwell, and scratch assays were performed to explore the role of 
si-SNHG19 or SNHG19 on NSCLC progression. Luciferase assay was used to verify 
the relationship between SNHG19/E2F7 and miR-137. The experiment of Xenograft 
was used for exploring the function of SNHG19 in vivo.
RESULTS: SNHG19 was upregulated in cancer tissues, patients plasma and cell 
lines of NSCLC. Knockdown of SNHG19 inhibited cell proliferation, migration, and 
invasion. Luciferase assay confirmed that SNHG19 regulated E2F7 expression via 
interacting with miR-137. Overexpression of SNHG19 accelerated NSCLC tumor 
progression via miR-137/E2F7 axis both in vitro and in vivo.
CONCLUSIONS: Our results clarified the SNHG19 function for the first time, and 
SNHG19 promoted the progression of NSCLC, which was mediated by the miR-137/E2F7 
axis. This study might provide new understanding and targets for NSCLC diagnosis 
and treatment.

Copyright © 2021 Zhao, Ning and Wang.

DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2021.630241
PMCID: PMC8027471
PMID: 33842336

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


623. Front Oncol. 2021 Mar 23;11:628743. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2021.628743. eCollection 
2021.

Individualized 3D-Printed Tissue Retraction Devices for Head and Neck 
Radiotherapy.

Herpel C(1), Schwindling FS(1), Held T(2)(3)(4), Christ L(2), Lang K(2)(3)(4), 
Schwindling M(5), Moratin J(6), Zaoui K(7), Moutsis T(7), Plinkert P(7), 
Herfarth K(2)(3)(4)(8), Freudlsperger C(6), Rammelsberg P(1), Debus 
J(2)(3)(4)(8)(9)(10), Adeberg S(2)(3)(4)(8)(9)(10).

Author information:
(1)Department of Prosthetic Dentistry, Heidelberg University Hospital, 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Heidelberg University Hospital, Heidelberg, 
Germany.
(3)Heidelberg Institute of Radiation Oncology (HIRO), University Hospital 
Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany.
(4)National Center for Tumor Diseases (NCT), University Hospital Heidelberg, 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(5)Design Studio M. Schwindling, Berlin, Germany.
(6)Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, Heidelberg University Hospital, 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(7)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, University of Heidelberg, Heidelberg, 
Germany.
(8)Heidelberg Ion-Beam Therapy Center (HIT), University Hospital Heidelberg, 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(9)Clinical Cooperation Unit Radiation Oncology, German Cancer Research Center 
(DKFZ), Heidelberg, Germany.
(10)German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), partner site Heidelberg, German Cancer 
Research Center (DKFZ), Heidelberg, Germany.

BACKGROUND: Radiotherapy for head and neck cancer may cause various oral 
sequelae, such as radiation-induced mucositis. To protect healthy tissue from 
irradiation, intraoral devices can be used. Current tissue retraction devices 
(TRDs) have to be either individually manufactured at considerable cost and time 
expenditure or they are limited in their variability. In this context, a 
3D-printed, tooth-borne TRD might further facilitate clinical use.
METHODS: A novel approach for the manufacturing of TRDs is described and its 
clinical application is analysed retrospectively. The devices were virtually 
designed for fabrication by 3D-printing technology, enabling-in only a single 
printing design-caudal or bi-lateral tongue displacement, as well as 
stabilization of a tongue-out position. For a total of 10 patients undergoing 
radiotherapy of head and neck tumors, the devices were individually adapted 
after pre-fabrication. Technical and clinical feasibility was assessed along 
with patient adherence. Tissue spacing was calculated by volumetric analysis of 
tongue retraction. In one exemplary case, radiotherapy treatment plans before 
and after tissue displacement were generated and compared. The reproducibility 
of maxillomandibular relation at device re-positioning was quantified by 
repeated intraoral optical scanning in a voluntary participant.
RESULTS: 3D-printing was useful for the simplification of TRD manufacture, 
resulting in a total patient treatment time of less than 30 min. The devices 
were tolerated well by all tested patients over the entire radiation treatment 
period. No technical complications occurred with the devices. The TRDs caused an 
effective spacing of the healthy adjacent tissue, e.g., the tongue. Position 
changes of maxillomandibular relation were limited to a mean value of 98.1 µm ± 
29.4 µm root mean square deviation between initial reference and follow-up 
positions.
CONCLUSIONS: The presented method allows a resource-efficient fabrication of 
individualized, tooth-bourne TRDs. A high reproducibility of maxillomandibular 
relation was found and the first clinical experiences underline the high 
potential of such devices for radiotherapy in the head and neck area.

Copyright © 2021 Herpel, Schwindling, Held, Christ, Lang, Schwindling, Moratin, 
Zaoui, Moutsis, Plinkert, Herfarth, Freudlsperger, Rammelsberg, Debus and 
Adeberg.

DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2021.628743
PMCID: PMC8021903
PMID: 33833988

Conflict of interest statement: JD and SA Accuray International Sàrl outside the 
submitted work. SA received grants from Novocure outside the submitted work. JD 
and SA received grants from Merck Serono GmbH and Astra Zeneca GmbH outside the 
submitted work. SA holds shares in Novocure GmbH, Actinium Pharmaceuticals and 
Telix Pharmaceuticals. JD received grants from CRI – The Clinical Research 
Institue GmbH, View Ray Inc., Accuray Incorporated, RaySearch Laboratories AB, 
Vision RT limited, Astellas Pharma GmbH, Solution Akademie GmbH, Ergomed PLC 
Surrey Research Park, Siemens Healthcare GmbH, Quintiles GmbH, Pharmaceutecal 
Research Associates GmbH, Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma GmbH Co, PTW-Freiburg Dr. 
Pychlau GmbH, Nanobiotix A.A. outside the submitted work. The remaining authors 
declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or 
financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of 
interest.


624. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2021 Mar 23;2021:5525763. doi: 10.1155/2021/5525763. 
eCollection 2021.

Long Noncoding RNA LINC00857 Promotes Proliferation, Migration, and Invasion of 
Colorectal Cancer Cell through miR-1306/Vimentin Axis.

Chang N(1), Cui Y(1), Liang X(1), Han D(1), Zheng X(1), Wu A(1), Qian L(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Anhui Provincial Cancer Hospital (West 
District, The First Affiliated Hospital of USTC, Division of Life Sciences and 
Medicine, University of Science and Technology of China), Hefei, Anhui 230031, 
China.

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Sep 27;2023:9764053. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9764053.

Colorectal cancer is a commonly diagnosed cancer and the leading cause of 
cancer-related death which still increasing in many countries. The lack of 
biomarkers for early detection and clinic treatment results in high morbidity 
and mortality. The novel role of long noncoding RNA LINC00857 on cell 
proliferation migration and invasion was explored in this article. The 
expression level of LINC00857 in colorectal cancer tissue samples and cells was 
determined notably higher than normal tissue samples and cells. Silence 
LINC00857 can significantly inhibit colorectal cancer cell viability and 
metastasis in vitro. Moreover, LINC00857 depletion caused cell accumulation in 
the G0/G1 phase. In addition, we recognized the novel 
LINC00857-miR-1306-vimentin axis and demonstrated it by dual-luciferase reporter 
assay. And this signaling axis could be considered as the target for colorectal 
cancer treatment. In conclusion, LINC00857 can promote colorectal cancer 
progress by sponging miR-1306 and upregulate vimentin to accelerate the 
epithelial-mesenchymal transition process.

Copyright © 2021 Na Chang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/5525763
PMCID: PMC8012143
PMID: 33833823 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


625. Medicine (Baltimore). 2021 Apr 9;100(14):e25062. doi: 
10.1097/MD.0000000000025062.

Compressive optic neuropathy (CON) in Graves' disease caused by hypertrophy of 
levator and superior rectus muscles: A case report.

Hirokawa T(1), Mimura M, Tonari M, Sato Y, Fujita Y, Matsuo J, Oku H, Sugasawa 
J, Ikeda T.

Author information:
(1)Department of Ophthalmology, Osaka Medical College, Osaka, Japan.

RATIONALE: Enlargemento of the medial rectus is the most predominant factor of 
compressive optic neuropathy (CON) in Graves' disease. This case report 
indicates that CON could develop only from the hypertrophic superior levator and 
superior rectus (SL/SR) muscle in a patient with poorly controlled Graves' 
disease, and described the possible risk of FT3-thyrotoxicosis with a prominent 
goiter to develop the current rare case with a review of the literature.
PATIENT CONCERNS: A 66-year-old woman undergoing endocrine management of 
hyperthyroidism with prominent goiter visited the Department of Ophthalmology 
due to right-eye upper-eyelid retraction.
DIAGNOSES: At initial presentation, the right and left margin reflex distance-1 
(MRD-1) was 3.2 mm and 2.1 mm, respectively, and no proptosis or visual 
dysfunction was observed. Despite insufficient hormonal regulation, she refused 
to undergo goiter removal. The upper eyelid retraction gradually worsened to 
7.7 mm of MRD-1, followed by the onset of 20 prism diopters (PD) of the right 
hypertropia, resulting in right-eye CON after 6 months. Her free thyroxin level 
was 3.88 ng/dl and free triiodothyronine was 24.90 pg/ml. Computed tomography 
and magnetic resonance imaging showed only SL/SR enlargement in the right orbit.
INTERVENTIONS: Intravenous steroid and radiation therapy resulted in visual 
improvement; however, a prominent upper eyelid retraction and 35PD of 
hypertropia remained in her right eye. Orbital decompression, upper retraction 
repair, and superior rectus recession were performed to prevent the recurrence 
of CON and correct any disfigurement.
OUTCOMES: The combination of conventional intravenous steroid pulse therapy, 
radiotherapy, and orbital decompression was effective, and no recurrence was 
observed for more than 1.5-years postoperatively.
LESSONS: Enlargement of the SL/SR muscle complex may independently induce the 
CON. We believe that strict attention should be paid to patients with 
triiodothyronine thyrotoxicosis with progressive eyelid retraction and 
hypertropia.

Copyright © 2021 the Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.

DOI: 10.1097/MD.0000000000025062
PMCID: PMC8036063
PMID: 33832074 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have no conflicts of interests to 
disclose.


626. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Bull Cancer. 2021 May;108(5):544-552. doi: 10.1016/j.bulcan.2021.01.007. Epub 
2021 Apr 2.

[Patients treated with palbociclib and endocrine therapy for metastatic breast 
cancer: Can we predict the occurrence of severe early hematological toxicity?].

[Article in French]

Vazquez L(1), Arnaud A(2), Grenier J(2), Debourdeau P(2).

Author information:
(1)Sainte-Catherine Institute, 250, chemin des baigne-pieds, 84000 Avignon, 
France. Electronic address: lea.vazquez@hotmail.fr.
(2)Sainte-Catherine Institute, 250, chemin des baigne-pieds, 84000 Avignon, 
France.

Retraction in
    Bull Cancer. 2024 Jan;111(1):124. doi: 10.1016/j.bulcan.2023.11.009.

INTRODUCTION: The addition of palbociclib to endocrine therapy has been shown to 
improve progression free survival in hormone receptor positive metastatic breast 
cancer patients. This cyclin CDK4/6 inhibitor could expose patients to a grade 
3-4 hematological toxicity, leading to treatment discontinuation or treatment 
interruption that is potentially associated with a lack of efficiency. The aim 
of this study was to identify predictive factors of severe early hematotoxicity 
(ESHT).
METHODS: This retrospective cohort study included patients who started 
palbociclib in the Institut Sainte Catherine between December 1, 2016 and 
January 1, 2019 for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer. Individual data 
and hematological toxicity were collected from electronic medical records. ESHT 
was defined as the occurrence, during the first 3 cycles, of grade 4 or grade 3 
hematological toxicity requiring palbociclib dose reduction.
RESULTS: In total, 181 patients (180 females) were included; median age was 67 
years. Forty-six patients (25.4%) experienced an ESHT. Predictive factors of 
ESHT in multivariate analysis were a performance status (PS) of 2 or more 
(P=0.024) and an history of radiotherapy of bone metastasis in the previous year 
(P=0.003). Before palbociclib initiation, a neutrophil count below 3.37g/L was 
predictive of ESHT with a sensibility of 76% and a specificity of 71%.
CONCLUSIONS: ECOG PS, bone radiotherapy within the year and low baseline 
neutrophils count are associated with ESHT in palbociclib-treated metastatic 
breast cancer patients. These elements could be useful for a careful monitoring 
leading to adapted therapy.

Copyright © 2021 Société Française du Cancer. Published by Elsevier Masson SAS. 
All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.bulcan.2021.01.007
PMID: 33820647 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


627. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Exp Ther Med. 2021 May;21(5):518. doi: 10.3892/etm.2021.9949. Epub 2021 Mar 22.

Long non-coding RNA receptor activator of nuclear factor-κ B ligand promotes 
cisplatin resistance in non-small cell lung cancer cells.

Zhu Z(1), Gong X(2), Li J(2), Shi Y(1), Zhang M(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Cangzhou Central Hospital, Cangzhou, Hebei 
061000, P.R. China.
(2)Return Visit Office, Cangzhou Central Hospital, Cangzhou, Hebei 061000, P.R. 
China.

Retraction in
    Exp Ther Med. 2024 May 01;28(1):272. doi: 10.3892/etm.2024.12560.

Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is a common malignancy associated with poor 
clinical outcomes and high mortality rate. The association between NSCLC 
development and long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) expression remains to be 
elucidated. The current study investigated the role of a novel lncRNA, receptor 
activator of nuclear factor-κ B ligand (RANKL), in the resistance of NSCLC to 
chemotherapy. RANKL expression was assessed via reverse 
transcription-quantitative PCR, cell death rate was evaluated using flow 
cytometry and sensitivity of cisplatin (DDP)-resistant A549/DDP cells to 
chemotherapy was determined using the Cell Counting Kit-8 assay. Western 
blotting was performed to quantify p53 protein levels. Compared with matched 
A549 cells, A549/DDP cells exhibited significant upregulation of RANKL 
expression. Sensitivity of A549/DDP cells to DDP was restored following RANKL 
knockdown. A549 cells overexpressing RANKL exhibited notably impaired DDP 
sensitivity compared with controls. Conversely, downregulated RANKL expression 
triggered cell death and inhibited cell migration via p53 stimulation and 
phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/protein kinase B pathway suppression. The current 
findings indicate that RANKL contributes to DDP resistance in NSCLC and may 
represent a novel therapeutic target in this malignancy.

Copyright: © Zhu et al.

DOI: 10.3892/etm.2021.9949
PMCID: PMC8014969
PMID: 33815591

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


628. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomaterials. 2021 May;272:120777. doi: 10.1016/j.biomaterials.2021.120777. Epub 
2021 Mar 25.

Phototherapy together with it triggered immunological response for Anti-HPV 
treatment of oropharyngeal cancer: Removing tumor and pathogenic virus 
simultaneously.

Liu Z(1), Yang X(1), Liu R(2), Bao J(1), An N(3), Jiang S(1), Miao S(1), Guo 
C(4), Qu G(5), Meng H(6).

Author information:
(1)Harbin Medical University Cancer Hospital, Harbin, 150080, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Sun Yat-Sen University Cancer Hospital, 
Guangzhou, China.
(3)School of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, Harbin Institute of Technology, 
Harbin, 150080, China.
(4)School of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, Harbin Institute of Technology, 
Harbin, 150080, China. Electronic address: chongshenguo@hit.edu.cn.
(5)Harbin Medical University Cancer Hospital, Harbin, 150080, China. Electronic 
address: guofanqu@126.com.
(6)Harbin Medical University Cancer Hospital, Harbin, 150080, China. Electronic 
address: menghongxue15@163.com.

Retraction in
    Biomaterials. 2021 Dec;279:121123. doi: 10.1016/j.biomaterials.2021.121123.

Oropharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma (OPSCC) is one of most common cancers that 
often brings lots of inconvenience to the patient in swallowing and phonation 
even after the operation. Moreover, OPSCC is typically as nodal metastases and 
high recurrence rate due to the high-risk human papillomavirus (HPV) infection 
for 90% of patients. Obviously, completely curing OPSCC requires simultaneous 
removal of solid tumor and related pathogenic virus, which is very indispensable 
but never be realized by any kind of clinical therapy up to now. In this work, 
we selected the ZrC nanoparticles as difunctional photoactive substance for 
synchronous generation of hyperthermia and reactive oxygen species (ROS) under 
NIR excitation. The resultant synergistic photothermal and photodynamic 
treatment outcome contributed to an excellent anti-tumor effect. The 
phototherapy of this work was found not only to be able to damage cancer cells 
directly, but also could trigger the host immunity for further tumor removal and 
desirable HPV inactivation. An immunologic mechanism of this work was reasonable 
proposed by monitoring level of shock protein (HSP), calreticulin (CRT), T 
lymphocytes and dendritic cells (DCs) and immune check point of B7H3, B7H4 and 
PD-L1 post phototherapy. It was found that tumor-associated antigens of CRT 
("eat-me" signal), HSPs and cell debris were released as cancer cell damage, and 
then the adaptive immune system and the congenital immunity were triggered to 
activate DCs maturity, antigen presentation to T cells, proliferation of CD4+ 
and CD8+ T cells, recruiting macrophages and NK cells and so forth immune 
responses. Being the first example of using phototherapy for virus-related 
cancer study, this work opens the door for photo-immunotherapy.

Copyright © 2021 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biomaterials.2021.120777
PMID: 33813258 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


629. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2021 Mar 17;2021:5571862. doi: 10.1155/2021/5571862. eCollection 
2021.

Augmented Reality Research of Measuring X-Ray Dental Film Alveolar Bone Based on 
Computer Image Analysis System.

Wang C(1), Peng C(1), Hou Y(1), Chen M(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Stomatology, Hunan University of Medicine, Huaihua 418000, 
Hunan, China.
(2)Department of Endodontic, Xiangya Stomatological Hospital Xiangya School of 
Stomatology, Hunan Key Laboratory of Oral Health Research, Central South 
University, Changsha 410008, Hunan, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Jun 21;2023:9891705. doi: 10.1155/2023/9891705.

The important application of computer imaging technology in the medical field is 
a necessary auxiliary method for clinical diagnosis and treatment. At present, 
many people are affected by various factors and have various problems caused by 
the dental cellular bone. Traditional treatment methods are complex and long, 
which can cause damage to body tissues. Based on this problem, this paper takes 
the augmented reality measurement of X-ray dental film as the research object. 
Based on the in-depth measurement algorithm of the computer image analysis 
system, two three-dimensional reconstruction methods based on the center of 
gravity and the matching of the front and side positions are proposed. These two 
methods only need two X-rays of the front and side of the dental film, the 
three-dimensional parameters are obtained through calculation and analysis of 
each spine in the X-ray film, and these parameters are used to fit the dental 
alveolar bone model. The experimental results prove that the computer-based 
image analysis system has a great effect on the measurement of X-ray dental film 
alveolar bone. The positive correlation coefficient reaches 0.87. Compared with 
the cerebral infarction caused by other methods, the proportion of people with 
dental film alveolar bone injury is about 15%; after treatment, the functional 
recovery rate reaches more than 80%. Studies have found that there is a great 
difference in the age of the population that needs to be treated for dental 
slices and alveolar bone. The grade of patients is generally under 20 and over 
60. This shows that the measurement of X-ray dental film alveolar bone based on 
computer image analysis system can play an important role in protecting people's 
oral health.

Copyright © 2021 Chunfeng Wang et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/5571862
PMCID: PMC7994099
PMID: 33791082 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


630. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Am J Case Rep. 2021 Mar 31;22:e931030. doi: 10.12659/AJCR.931030.

Allogeneic Natural Killer and Cytomegalovirus (CMV)-pp65 Pulsed Dendritic Cells 
Induced Complete Response Through 15 Months in a Patient with Recurrent 
Glioblastoma: A Case Study.

Gumrukcu S(1)(2)(3), Nguyen TX(1)(2)(3), White RL(1)(2), Howell GT(1)(2), 
Musikanth P(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Seraph Research Institute, Los Angeles, CA, USA.
(2)Seraph Medical Clinic, Los Angeles, CA, USA.
(3)Enochian Biosciences Inc., Los Angeles, CA, USA.

Retraction in
    Am J Case Rep. 2022 Jul 05;23:e937680. doi: 10.12659/AJCR.937680.

BACKGROUND Glioblastoma (GBM) is a highly aggressive brain tumor with poor 
survival outcomes. While conventional treatment strategies such as surgery, 
radiation, and chemotherapy can extend survival, the prognosis for GBM patients 
after 2 years remains low. One-year progression-free survival (PFS) and complete 
response (CR) with recurrent GBM is extremely low. Recent clinical trials using 
either engineered chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cells, autologous dendritic 
cell (DC) vaccination, or natural killer (NK) cells have shown promise for 
patients with GBM following initial diagnosis. Despite these significant 
immunotherapeutic advancements, new strategies need to be developed to address 
the poor survival outcomes for GBM. CASE REPORT A 36-year-old male patient with 
recurrent bilateral parietal GBM, following subtotal resection, was treated 
using an immunotherapeutic strategy combining lymphosuppressive conditioning 
with intravenous administration of highly purified allogeneic NK cells 
(mismatched for inhibitory killer Ig-like receptor [KIR]-human leukocyte antigen 
[HLA] ligand interactions), celecoxib, temozolomide (TMZ), tetanus-diphtheria 
vaccination, and multiple intradermal injections of human cytomegalovirus 
(CMV)-pp65 pulsed dendritic cells. This treatment did not exhibit any toxic 
effects and resulted in regression of intracranial residual disease on both 
hemispheres. Additionally, the clinical response was durable, persisting for 
more than 15 months after the first infusion of KIR-HLA-mismatched purified 
allogenic NK cells. CONCLUSIONS A patient with recurrent GBM achieved durable CR 
with a novel treatment strategy with allogeneic NK cells and DC pulsed with 
CMV-pp65 following subtotal surgical resection. If confirmed in additional 
patients, this combination approach could offer an effective therapeutic option 
for people with an otherwise dismal prognosis.

DOI: 10.12659/AJCR.931030
PMCID: PMC8019835
PMID: 33788825 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: None declared


631. Skelet Muscle. 2021 Mar 30;11(1):8. doi: 10.1186/s13395-021-00264-7.

Retraction Note to: Exercise-induced mitochondrial p53 repairs mtDNA mutations 
in mutator mice.

Safdar A(1)(2)(3), Khrapko K(4), Flynn JM(5), Saleem A(2), De Lisio M(1), 
Johnston APW(1), Kratysberg Y(4), Samjoo IA(6), Kitaoka Y(2), Ogborn DI(6), 
Little JP(7), Raha S(2), Parise G(1)(8), Akhtar M(3), Hettinga BP(2), Rowe 
GC(9), Arany Z(10), Prolla TA(11)(12), Tarnopolsky MA(13)(14).

Author information:
(1)Department of Kinesiology, McMaster University, Hamilton, ON, L8N 3Z5, 
Canada.
(2)Department of Pediatrics, McMaster University, Hamilton, ON, L8N 3Z5, Canada.
(3)Department of Medicine, McMaster University, Hamilton, ON, L8N 3Z5, Canada.
(4)Northeastern University, Boston, MA, 02115, USA.
(5)Buck Institute for Research on Aging, Novato, CA, 94945, USA.
(6)Department of Medical Sciences, McMaster University, Hamilton, ON, L8N 3Z5, 
Canada.
(7)School of Health and Exercise Sciences, University of British Columbia 
Okanagan, Kelowna, BC, V1V 1V7, Canada.
(8)Department of Medical Physics & Applied Radiation Sciences, McMaster 
University, Hamilton, ON, L8N 3Z5, Canada.
(9)Division of Cardiovascular Disease, University of Alabama, Birmingham, AL, 
35294, USA.
(10)Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, 
19104, USA.
(11)Departments of Genetics, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI, 53706, USA.
(12)Departments of Medical Genetics, University of Wisconsin, Madison, WI, 
53706, USA.
(13)Department of Pediatrics, McMaster University, Hamilton, ON, L8N 3Z5, 
Canada. tarnopol@mcmaster.ca.
(14)Department of Medicine, McMaster University, Hamilton, ON, L8N 3Z5, Canada. 
tarnopol@mcmaster.ca.

Retraction of
    Skelet Muscle. 2016 Jan 31;6:7. doi: 10.1186/s13395-016-0075-9.

DOI: 10.1186/s13395-021-00264-7
PMCID: PMC8008634
PMID: 33785048


632. Exp Ther Med. 2021 May;21(5):472. doi: 10.3892/etm.2021.9903. Epub 2021 Mar 10.

Exposure to radiofrequency radiation increases the risk of breast cancer: A 
systematic review and meta-analysis.

Shih YW, O'Brien AP, Hung CS, Chen KH, Hou WH, Tsai HT.

Retraction of
    Exp Ther Med. 2021 Jan;21(1):23. doi: 10.3892/etm.2020.9455.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.3892/etm.2020.9455.].

Copyright: © Shih et al.

DOI: 10.3892/etm.2021.9903
PMCID: PMC7976452
PMID: 33767767


633. Med Sci Monit. 2021 Mar 25;27:e932349. doi: 10.12659/MSM.932349.

Retracted: Xanthoxyletin Inhibits Proliferation of Human Oral Squamous Carcinoma 
Cells and Induces Apoptosis, Autophagy, and Cell Cycle Arrest by Modulation of 
the MEK/ERK Signaling Pathway.

Wen Q(1), Luo K(2), Huang H(1), Liao W(3), Yang H(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Head and Neck Oncology Surgery, Affiliated Cancer Hospital and 
Institute of Guangzhou Medical University, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China 
(mainland).
(2)The Research Institute, Cancer Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University, 
Guangzhou, Guangdong, China (mainland).
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Affiliated Cancer Hospital and Institute of 
Guangzhou Medical University, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China (mainland).

Retraction of
    Med Sci Monit. 2019 Oct 26;25:8025-8033. doi: 10.12659/MSM.911697.

Retracted, due to breach of publishing guidelines, following the identification 
of non-original and manipulated figure images. Reference: Qingquan Wen, Kai Luo, 
Haiyan Huang, Weiguo Liao, Hong Yang: Xanthoxyletin Inhibits Proliferation of 
Human Oral Squamous Carcinoma Cells and Induces Apoptosis, Autophagy, and Cell 
Cycle Arrest by Modulation of the MEK/ERK Signaling Pathway. Med Sci Monit 2019; 
25:8025-8033. 10.12659/MSM.911697.

DOI: 10.12659/MSM.932349
PMCID: PMC8009259
PMID: 33762554


634. Int J Surg Case Rep. 2021 Apr;81:105749. doi: 10.1016/j.ijscr.2021.105749. Epub 
2021 Mar 11.

Endoscopic-assisted microvascular decompression for trigeminal neuralgia 
secondary to vertebrobasilar dolichoectasia: A case report.

Duong HD(1), Pham AH(2), Le TD(3), Chu HT(4), Pham DT(5), Van Dong H(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Surgery, Hanoi Medical University, Hanoi, Viet Nam; Department 
of Neurosurgery I, Viet Duc University Hospital, Hanoi, Viet Nam. Electronic 
address: duongdaiha@hmu.edu.vn.
(2)Department of Surgery, Hanoi Medical University, Hanoi, Viet Nam; Department 
of Neurosurgery I, Viet Duc University Hospital, Hanoi, Viet Nam. Electronic 
address: phamhoanganh1987hmu@gmail.com.
(3)Department of Surgery, Hanoi Medical University, Hanoi, Viet Nam; Department 
of Neurosurgery and Spine Surgery, Hanoi Medical University Hospital, Hanoi, 
Viet Nam. Electronic address: leductam1413@gmail.com.
(4)Department of Surgery, Hanoi Medical University, Hanoi, Viet Nam. Electronic 
address: hungchuthanh@gmail.com.
(5)Department of Neurosurgery I, Viet Duc University Hospital, Hanoi, Viet Nam. 
Electronic address: tuandung.102@gmail.com.
(6)Department of Neurosurgery I, Viet Duc University Hospital, Hanoi, Viet Nam. 
Electronic address: dongvanhe2010@gmail.com.

INTRODUCTION AND IMPORTANCE: Trigeminal neuralgia (TN) secondary to 
vertebrobasilar dolichoectasia (VBD) was a rare condition. This paper reported a 
successful endoscopic-assisted microvascular decompression (MVD) for TN 
secondary to VBD.
CASE PRESENTATION: A 53-year-old male with a history of myocardial infarction 
and heart failure complained of left refractory facial pain three years prior to 
admission. His pain was intermittent, electrical-like, severe, sharp, and 
radiated along the maxillary and mandibular branches. He used carbamazepine 600 
mg daily. Brain magnetic resonance imaging revealed a neurovascular conflict 
between VBD and the left trigeminal nerve. The endoscopic-assisted MVD was 
indicated. The shredded neurosurgical sponges were interposed between VBD and 
trigeminal nerve. The 0° and 30° rigid rod-lens endoscope was used to explore 
and confirm the complete decompression. Postoperatively, TN was disappeared 
entirely. At a three-month postoperative, no facial pain and paraesthesia were 
found. The patient discontinued carbamazepine permanently.
CLINICAL DISCUSSION: MVD was still the most effective treatment. An inspection 
of root entry zone (REZ) and complete MVD with a solely operating microscope 
were challenging due to the massive diameter of VBD and multiple offending 
arteries behind the VBD. However, the wide viewing field and high-quality 
resolution of endoscopes allowed better visualization of REZ and neurovascular 
conflicts behind neural structures and least cerebellar retraction. This is 
essential in case of less potential space created by VBD.
CONCLUSION: Endoscope-assisted MVD allowed better visualization of REZ and 
neurovascular conflicts behind neural structures and least cerebellar retraction 
in management of trigeminal neuralgia secondary to VBD.

Copyright © 2021 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd.. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ijscr.2021.105749
PMCID: PMC7988319
PMID: 33735736


635. Sci Rep. 2021 Mar 16;11(1):6085. doi: 10.1038/s41598-021-85401-4.

Effects of deep inspiration breath hold on prone photon or proton irradiation of 
breast and regional lymph nodes.

Speleers B(#)(1), Schoepen M(#)(2), Belosi F(3), Vakaet V(4)(5), De Neve W(4), 
Deseyne P(5), Paelinck L(5), Vercauteren T(5), Parkes MJ(6), Lomax T(3), Van 
Greveling A(5), Bolsi A(3), Weber DC(3)(7)(8), Veldeman L(4)(5), De Gersem 
W(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Human Structure and Repair, Faculty of Medicine and Health 
Sciences, Ghent University, Radiotherapiepark, Corneel Heymanslaan 10, 9000, 
Ghent, Belgium. Bruno.speleers@ugent.be.
(2)Department of Industrial Systems Engineering and Product Design, Faculty of 
Engineering and Architecture, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.
(3)Paul Scherrer Institut, Villigen, Switzerland.
(4)Department of Human Structure and Repair, Faculty of Medicine and Health 
Sciences, Ghent University, Radiotherapiepark, Corneel Heymanslaan 10, 9000, 
Ghent, Belgium.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, University Hospital Ghent, Ghent, Belgium.
(6)Academic Medical Centre (AMC), University of Amsterdam, Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands.
(7)Radiation Oncology Department, University Hospital of Bern, Bern, 
Switzerland.
(8)Radiation Oncology Department, University Hospital of Zurich, Zurich, 
Switzerland.
(#)Contributed equally

Erratum in
    Sci Rep. 2023 Aug 23;13(1):13749. doi: 10.1038/s41598-023-40643-2.

We report on a comparative dosimetrical study between deep inspiration breath 
hold (DIBH) and shallow breathing (SB) in prone crawl position for photon and 
proton radiotherapy of whole breast (WB) and locoregional lymph node regions, 
including the internal mammary chain (LN_MI). We investigate the dosimetrical 
effects of DIBH in prone crawl position on organs-at-risk for both photon and 
proton plans. For each modality, we further estimate the effects of lung and 
heart doses on the mortality risks of different risk profiles of patients. 
Thirty-one patients with invasive carcinoma of the left breast and 
pathologically confirmed positive lymph node status were included in this study. 
DIBH significantly decreased dose to heart for photon and proton radiotherapy. 
DIBH also decreased lung doses for photons, while increased lung doses were 
observed using protons because the retracting heart is displaced by low-density 
lung tissue. For other organs-at-risk, DIBH resulted in significant dose 
reductions using photons while minor differences in dose deposition between DIBH 
and SB were observed using protons. In patients with high risks for cardiac and 
lung cancer mortality, average thirty-year mortality rates from 
radiotherapy-related cardiac injury and lung cancer were estimated at 3.12% 
(photon DIBH), 4.03% (photon SB), 1.80% (proton DIBH) and 1.66% (proton SB). The 
radiation-related mortality risk could not outweigh the ~ 8% disease-specific 
survival benefit of WB + LN_MI radiotherapy in any of the assessed treatments.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-021-85401-4
PMCID: PMC7966795
PMID: 33727599 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Ghent University owns the patent application 
entitled Radiotherapy Board and Couch [WO2015144654A1] filed on 25.03.2014 for 
which Wilfried De Neve, Bruno Speleers and Liv Veldeman are listed as inventors. 
All other authors declare no potential conflict of interest.


636. Med Sci Monit. 2021 Mar 11;27:e931623. doi: 10.12659/MSM.931623.

Retracted: Inhibition of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma by Beta-Lapachone Occurs by 
Targeting the Mammalian Target of Rapamycin (mTOR)/PI3K/AKT Pathway, Reactive 
Oxygen Species (ROS) Production, and Autophagy Induction.

Han Y(1), Shi D(2), Li J(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Nanchang University, Nanchang, Jiangxi, China 
(mainland).
(2)Department of Oncology, Jiujiang First People's Hospital, Jiujiang, Jiangxi, 
China (mainland).
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Jiangxi Tumor Hospital, Nanchang, Jiangxi, China 
(mainland).

Retraction of
    Med Sci Monit. 2019 Nov 26;25:8995-9002. doi: 10.12659/MSM.915463.

Approval for publication of this manuscript was not obtained by all the authors, 
which is in breach of this journal's editorial guidelines. Reference: Yongqing 
Han, Dayou Shi, Jingao Li: Inhibition of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma by 
Beta-Lapachone Occurs by Targeting the Mammalian Target of Rapamycin 
(mTOR)/PI3K/AKT Pathway, Reactive Oxygen Species (ROS) Production, and Autophagy 
Induction.  Med Sci Monit 2019; 25:8995-9002. 10.12659/MSM.915463.

DOI: 10.12659/MSM.931623
PMCID: PMC7962494
PMID: 33704260


637. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Healthc Eng. 2021 Feb 20;2021:5549971. doi: 10.1155/2021/5549971. eCollection 
2021.

Diagnostic Value of Multislice Spiral CT Cardiothoracic Combined with 
Angiography in Acute Chest Pain.

Du Y(1)(2), Yang Z(3).

Author information:
(1)Jinhua Municipal Central Hospital, Jinhua Hospital of Zhejiang University, 
Jinhua, Zhejiang 321000, China.
(2)Wuhan University, Wuhan, Hubei 430072, China.
(3)Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, Wuhan, Hubei 430071, China.

Retraction in
    J Healthc Eng. 2023 Oct 11;2023:9838561. doi: 10.1155/2023/9838561.

Acute chest pain is a common clinical emergency condition with a variety of 
causes, including acute coronary syndrome, pulmonary embolism, aortic 
coarctation, and pneumothorax. It is essential for emergency physicians to 
quickly and accurately understand the cause of acute chest pain. 64-slice spiral 
CT combined cardiothoracic angiography is an accurate and rapid way to diagnose 
and differentiate the cause of acute chest pain. 64-slice combined 
cardiothoracic angiography can accurately and rapidly display the thoracic 
aorta, both pulmonary arteries, the main trunk of the coronary artery and its 
major branches, and also provide a comprehensive view of both lungs and 
mediastinum, which is an effective test for the diagnosis and differential 
diagnosis of acute chest pain. Based on this, this study further investigated 
the value of 64-slice spiral CT triplex examination in the diagnosis of acute 
chest pain. The results showed that 64-slice spiral CT has the advantages of 
fast scanning speed, high resolution, and advanced postprocessing technology, 
and combined cardiothoracic angiography can quickly and accurately help 
emergency physicians analyze the cause of acute chest pain, which plays a very 
important role in formulating the correct treatment plan in a timely manner. At 
the same time, with the continuous development of CT technology, the temporal 
and spatial resolution has improved the quality of CT images, giving us more 
options to reduce the effective radiation dose and reduce the total amount of 
contrast, making the 64-row spiral CT cardiothoracic imaging more perfect.

Copyright © 2021 Yinggan Du and Zetian Yang.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/5549971
PMCID: PMC7914098
PMID: 33688419 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


638. Clin Hemorheol Microcirc. 2021;78(2):215-226. doi: 10.3233/CH-211115.

US-guided percutaneous microwave ablation (MWA) of submandibular gland: A new 
minimal invasive and effective treatment for refractory sialorrhea and treatment 
response evaluation with contrast-enhanced imaging techniques.

Zhang HL(1), Zhu JE(1), Li JX(1), Li XL(1), Sun LP(1), Xu HX(1), Yu SY(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Ultrasound, Shanghai Tenth People's Hospital, 
Ultrasound Research and Education Institute, Tongji University Cancer Center, 
Tongji University School of Medicine, Shanghai Engineering Research Center of 
Ultrasound Diagnosis and Treatment, Shanghai, China.

A 33 years' old male complained of excessive salivation with frequent swallowing 
and spitting, which resulted in communication disturbance, reduced quality of 
life, and social embarrassment for 19 years. He had been diagnosed as sialorrhea 
and submandibular gland hyperfunction by stomatologist, then had unilateral 
submandibular gland resection 13 years ago, but the symptom relief was not 
satisfactory. After that, he had been treated with glycopyrrolate for less than 
a year, which was withdrawn because of the short duration of symptomatic control 
after each tablet take-in and intolerable side effects. With the wish to receive 
a new treatment with long term effectiveness, low re-operation risk and normal 
preserved saliva secretion function, the patient was subject to MWA for the 
right submandibular gland. After systematic clinical evaluation, US-guided 
percutaneous MWA was successfully performed with an uneventful post-operative 
course. The volume of the right submandibular gland and ablated area were 
measured precisely by an ablation planning software system with automatic volume 
measurement function based on three-dimensional reconstruction of the 
pre-operative and post-operative enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) raw 
data. Finally, the ablated volume was calculated as 62.2% of the whole right 
submandibular gland. The patient was discharged 1 day after the operation, with 
symptoms relieved significantly, the mean value of whole saliva flow rate (SFR) 
decreased from 11 ml to 7.5 ml per 15 minutes. During the follow up by phone 
three months after operation, the patient reported that the treatment effect was 
satisfactory, whereas the SFR value became stable as 7 ml per 15 minutes, 
drooling frequency and drooling severity (DFDS) score decreased from 6 to 5, 
drooling impact scale (DIS) score decreased from 43 to 26. US-guided 
percutaneous MWA of submandibular gland seems to be an alternative, minimal 
invasive, and effective treatment for refractory sialorrhea.We described a 
patient with refractory sialorrhea treated successfully with ultrasound (US) 
guided percutaneous microwave ablation (MWA).

DOI: 10.3233/CH-211115
PMID: 33682703 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


639. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2021 Feb 17;2021:6653747. doi: 10.1155/2021/6653747. eCollection 
2021.

IL-32 Promotes the Radiosensitivity of Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma Cell 
through STAT3 Pathway.

Ma Z(1), Dong Z(2), Yu D(3), Mu M(4), Feng W(5), Guo J(4), Cheng B(4), Guo J(4), 
Ma J(4).

Author information:
(1)First Department of Radiotherapy, Wanbei Coal-Electricity Group General 
Hospital, Suzhou, 234000 Anhui, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, BenQ Medical Center Affiliated to Nanjing Medical 
University, Nanjing, 210000 Jiangsu, China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Bengbu Second People's Hospital Affiliated to 
Bengbu Medical Collage, Bengbu, 233000 Anhui, China.
(4)Department of Radiotherapy, Lianyungang Municipal Oriental Hospital 
Affiliated to Bengbu Medical Collage, Lianyungang, 222042 Jiangsu, China.
(5)Translational Medicine Center, Lianyungang Municipal Oriental Hospital 
Affiliated to Bengbu Medical Collage, Lianyungang, 222042 Jiangsu, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2024 Jan 9;2024:9796319. doi: 10.1155/2024/9796319.

OBJECTIVE: This study is set out to determine the relationship between IL-32 and 
radiosensitivity of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC).
METHODS: Western blot was adopted for measuring IL-32 expression in Eca-109 and 
TE-10 cells. Eca-109 and TE-10 cells with interference or overexpression of 
IL-32 were treated with the presence or absence of X-ray irradiation. Then, the 
use of CCK8 assay was to detect proliferation ability, and effects of IL-32 
expression on radiosensitivity of ESCC were tested by colony formation assay. 
The cell apoptosis was detected using flow cytometry. STAT3 and p-STAT 
expression, and apoptotic protein Bax were detected by western blot.
RESULTS: Colony formation assay and CCK8 assay showed that compared with the NC 
group without treatment, the growth of the ESCC cells, that is Eca-109 and 
TE-10, was significantly inhibited in the OE+IR group with highly expressed 
IL-32 and irradiation. In flow cytometry analysis, in Eca-109 and TE-10 cells, 
highly expressed IL-32 combined with irradiation significantly increased 
apoptosis compared with the control group. Highly expressed IL-32 has a 
synergistic effect with irradiation, inhibiting STAT3 and p-STAT3 expression and 
increasing apoptotic protein Bax expression.
CONCLUSION: IL-32 can improve the radiosensitivity of ESCC cells by inhibiting 
the STAT3 pathway. Therefore, IL-32 can be used as a new therapeutic target to 
provide a new attempt for radiotherapy of ESCC.

Copyright © 2021 Zhiyu Ma et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/6653747
PMCID: PMC7904356
PMID: 33681363 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there is no conflict of 
interest.


640. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Behav Sleep Med. 2022 Jan-Feb;20(1):100-111. doi: 10.1080/15402002.2021.1892679. 
Epub 2021 Mar 4.

Do Anxiety and Mood Vary among Disparate Sleep Profiles in Youth with 
Craniopharyngioma? A Latent Profile Analysis.

Witcraft SM(1), Wickenhauser ME(1), Russell KM(2), Mandrell BN(3), Conklin 
HM(2), Merchant TE(4), Crabtree VM(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Psychology, The University of Mississippi, University, 
Mississippi.
(2)Department of Psychology, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, Memphis, 
Tennesse.
(3)Department of Pediatric Medicine, Division of Nursing Research, St. Jude 
Children's Research Hospital, Memphis, Tennesse.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, 
Memphis, Tennesse.

Retraction in
    Behav Sleep Med. 2022 Sep-Oct;20(5):530. doi: 10.1080/15402002.2021.1943627.

Craniopharyngioma is a histologically benign brain tumor that arises in the 
suprasellar region affecting critical neurovascular structures including the 
hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis and optic pathways. Children with 
craniopharyngioma often experience excessive daytime sleepiness which may be 
compounded by anxiety and depression. The current study investigated disparate 
sleep profiles to better understand psychological adjustment among children 
diagnosed with craniopharyngioma. Method: Actigraphs recorded nightly sleep 
data, including measures of sleep onset latency and wake after sleep onset, in a 
cohort of 80 youth between the ages of 2 and 20 years (median age = 9). Parent 
reports of behavioral and emotional functioning were included in the analysis. A 
latent profile analysis examined disparate sleep profiles, and a multinomial 
logistic regression examined differences of anxiety and depression among the 
sleep profiles. Results: The latent profile analysis revealed three sleep 
profiles: "variable sleepers" (48.3%), "consistently poor sleepers" (45.4%), and 
"night wakers" (6.4%). Consistently poor sleepers had lower rates of anxiety (g 
= .76; p = .009) and depression (g = .81; p = .003) than variable sleepers and 
had significantly lower rates of anxiety than night wakers (g = .52; p = .05); 
all other differences were nonsignificant (ps > .05). Discussion: Youth with 
craniopharyngioma who have nightly variations in sleep may have worse 
psychological functioning than those with more consistent, albeit poor, sleep 
patterns. Patients with craniopharyngioma who report variable sleep should be 
assessed for anxiety and depression to prevent and intervene on emotional 
difficulties that may be reciprocally related to sleep.

DOI: 10.1080/15402002.2021.1892679
PMID: 33661060 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


641. Med Phys. 2021 May;48(5):2614-2623. doi: 10.1002/mp.14812. Epub 2021 Mar 23.

Accuracy of an in vivo dosimetry-based source tracking method for afterloading 
brachytherapy - A phantom study.

Jørgensen EB(1), Kertzscher G(2), Buus S(2), Bentzen L(2), Hokland SB(2), 
Rylander S(2), Tanderup K(1), Johansen JG(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Clinical Medicine, Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark.
(2)Department of Oncology, Aarhus University Hospital, Aarhus, Denmark.

PURPOSE: To report on the accuracy of an in vivo dosimetry (IVD)-based source 
tracking (ST) method for high dose rate (HDR) prostate brachytherapy (BT).
METHODS: The ST was performed on a needle-by-needle basis. A least square fit of 
the expected to the measured dose rate was performed using the active dwell 
positions in the given needle. Two fitting parameters were used to determine the 
position of each needle relative to the IVD detector: radial (away or toward the 
detector) and longitudinal (along the axis of the treatment needle). The 
accuracy of the ST was assessed in a phantom where the geometries of five HDR 
prostate BT treatments previously treated at our clinic were reproduced. For 
each of the five treatment geometries, one irradiation was performed with the 
detector placed in the middle of the implant. Furthermore, four additional 
irradiations were performed for one of the geometries where the detector was 
retracted caudally in four steps of 10-15 mm and up to 12 mm inferior of the 
most inferior active dwell position, which represented the prostate apex. The 
time resolved dose measurements were retrieved at a rate of 20 Hz using a 
detector based on an Al2 O3 :C radioluminescence crystal, which was placed 
inside a standard BT needle. Individual calibrations of the detector were 
performed prior to each of the nine irradiations.
RESULTS: Source tracking could be applied in all needles across all nine 
irradiations. For irradiations with the detector located in the middle region of 
the implant (a total of 89 needles), the mean ± standard deviation (SD, k = 1) 
accuracy was -0.01 mm ± 0.38 mm and 0.30 mm ± 0.38 mm in the radial and 
longitudinal directions, respectively. Caudal retraction of the detector did not 
lead to reduced accuracy as long as the detector was located superior to the 
most inferior active dwell positions in all needles. However, reduced accuracy 
was observed for detector positions inferior to the most inferior active dwell 
positions which corresponded to detector positions in and inferior to the 
prostate apex region. Detector positions in the prostate apex and 12 mm inferior 
to the prostate resulted in mean ± SD (k = 1) ST accuracy of 0.7 mm ± 1 mm and 
2.8 mm ± 1.6 mm, respectively, in radial direction, and -1.7 mm ± 1 mm and 
-2.1 mm ± 1.1 mm, respectively, in longitudinal direction. The largest 
deviations for the configurations with those detector positions were 2.6 and 
5.4 mm, respectively, in the radial direction and -3.5 and -3.8 mm, 
respectively, in the longitudinal direction.
CONCLUSION: This phantom study demonstrates that ST based on IVD during prostate 
BT is adequately accurate for clinical use. The ST yields submillimeter accuracy 
on needle positions as long as the IVD detector is positioned superior to at 
least one active dwell position in all needles. Locations of the detector 
inferior to the prostate apex result in decreased ST accuracy while detector 
locations in the apex region and above are advantageous for clinical 
applications.

© 2021 American Association of Physicists in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1002/mp.14812
PMID: 33655555 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


642. Int J Oncol. 2021 Apr;58(4):8. doi: 10.3892/ijo.2021.5189. Epub 2021 Feb 15.

[Retracted] α3β1 integrin promotes radiation-induced migration of meningioma 
cells.

Gogineni VR(1), Nalla AK(2), Gupta R(2), Gujrati M(3), Klopfenstein JD(4), 
Mohanam S(2), Rao JS(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cancer Biology and Pharmacology, University of Illinois College 
of Medicine at Peoria, One Illini Drive, Peoria, IL 61605, USA.
(2)Department of Cancer Biology and Pharmacology, University of Illinois College 
of Medicine at Peoria, Peoria, IL, USA.
(3)Department of Pathology, University of Illinois College of Medicine at 
Peoria, One Illini Drive, Peoria, IL 61605, USA.
(4)Department of Neurosurgery, University of Illinois College of Medicine at 
Peoria, One Illini Drive, Peoria, IL 61605, USA.

Retraction of
    Int J Oncol. 2011 Jun;38(6):1615-24. doi: 10.3892/ijo.2011.987.

Following the publication of the above paper, we were contacted by the 
University of Illinois at Chicago, to request the retraction of the above 
article. Following a formal institutional investigation, the investigation panel 
concluded that the images in question had falsifying elements. Regarding the 
above study, the specific allegations that were investigated were that of 
falsifying elements of Fig. 2A, right panel, row 3, columns 2, 3 and 4 and Fig. 
4D, left panel, row 5, columns 1, 2 and 3; Fig. 4A, row 1, columns 2, 3 and 4, 
and Fig. 4C, row 1, columns 5, 6 and 7; and Fig. 6C, row 1, column 3, and row 2, 
column 1. <br />Following a review of this paper conducted independently by the 
Editor of International Journal of Oncology, the Editor concurred with the 
conclusions of the investigation panel, and therefore the above paper has been 
retracted from the publication. We also tried to contact the authors, but did 
not receive a reply. The Editor apologizes to the readership for the 
inconvenience caused. [the original article was published in International 
Journal of Oncology 40: 1615-1624, 2012; DOI: 10.3892/ijo.2011.987].

DOI: 10.3892/ijo.2021.5189
PMCID: PMC7910013
PMID: 33655324


643. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Front Cell Dev Biol. 2021 Feb 9;9:568738. doi: 10.3389/fcell.2021.568738. 
eCollection 2021.

Exosomal miR-128-3p Promotes Epithelial-to-Mesenchymal Transition in Colorectal 
Cancer Cells by Targeting FOXO4 via TGF-β/SMAD and JAK/STAT3 Signaling.

Bai J(1)(2)(3)(4), Zhang X(3)(4)(5)(6), Shi D(1)(3)(4), Xiang Z(1)(3)(4), Wang 
S(1)(3)(4), Yang C(1)(3)(4), Liu Q(1)(3)(4), Huang S(1)(3)(4), Fang Y(1)(3)(4), 
Zhang W(1)(3)(4), Song J(1)(3)(4), Xiong B(1)(3)(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gastrointestinal Surgery & Department of Gastric and Colorectal 
Surgical Oncology, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, Wuhan, China.
(2)Department of Anesthesiology, Peking University Third Hospital, Beijing, 
China.
(3)Hubei Key Laboratory of Tumor Biological Behaviors, Wuhan, China.
(4)Hubei Cancer Clinical Study Center, Wuhan, China.
(5)Department of General Practice, Beijing Friendship Hospital, Capital Medical 
University, Beijing, China.
(6)Department of Radiation Oncology and Medical Oncology, Zhongnan Hospital of 
Wuhan University, Wuhan, China.

Retraction in
    Front Cell Dev Biol. 2024 Jul 19;12:1459522. doi: 
10.3389/fcell.2024.1459522.

Epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is a key process that occurs during 
tumor metastasis, affecting a variety of malignancies including colorectal 
cancer (CRC). Exosomes mediate cell-cell communication by transporting 
cell-derived proteins and nucleic acids, including microRNAs (miRNAs). Exosomal 
delivery of miRNAs plays an important role in tumor initiation, development, and 
progression. In this study, we investigated the effect of exosomal transfer 
between CRC cells and aimed to identify specific miRNAs and downstream targets 
involved in EMT and metastasis in CRC cells. High expression of miR-128-3p was 
identified in exosomes derived from EMT-induced HCT-116 cells. Altered 
miR-128-3p expression in CRC cells led to distinct changes in proliferation, 
migration, invasion, and EMT. Mechanistically, miR-128-3p overexpression 
downregulated the expression of FOXO4 and induced the activation of TGF-β/SMAD 
and JAK/STAT3 signaling in CRC cells and xenografted tumors, which led to EMT. 
Clinically, high expression of miR-128-3p was significantly associated with 
perineural invasion, lymphovascular invasion, tumor stage, and CA 19-9 content 
in CRC patients. We revealed that exosomal miR-128-3p regulates EMT by directly 
suppressing its downstream target gene FOXO4 to activate TGF-β/SMAD and 
JAK/STAT3 signaling, and the properties of the miR-128-3p/FOXO4 axis were 
horizontally transferred via exosomal delivery. In turn, exosomal miR-128-3p 
could be considered as a new therapeutic vehicle for CRC.

Copyright © 2021 Bai, Zhang, Shi, Xiang, Wang, Yang, Liu, Huang, Fang, Zhang, 
Song and Xiong.

DOI: 10.3389/fcell.2021.568738
PMCID: PMC7900423
PMID: 33634112

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


644. Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2021 Feb;25(3):1165. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202102_24813.

Long noncoding RNA TTN-AS1 promotes the proliferation and migration of prostate 
cancer by inhibiting miR-1271 level.

Zhu Y(1), Yang Z, Luo XH, Xu P.

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Baoji Central Hospital, Baoji, China.

Retraction of
    Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2019 Dec;23(24):10678-10684. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_201912_19766.

Since this article has been suspected of research misconduct and the 
corresponding authors did not respond to our request to prove originality of 
data and figures, "Long noncoding RNA TTN-AS1 promotes the proliferation and 
migration of prostate cancer by inhibiting miR-1271 level, by Y. Zhu, Z. Yang, 
X.-H. Luo, P. Xu, published in Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci 2019; 23 (24): 
10678-10684-DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_201912_19766-PMID: 31858535" has been 
withdrawn. The Publisher apologizes for any inconvenience this may cause. 
https://www.europeanreview.org/article/19766.

DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_202102_24813
PMID: 33629283


645. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Artif Cells Nanomed Biotechnol. 2021 Dec;49(1):185-193. doi: 
10.1080/21691401.2021.1889574.

In vitro and in vivo biocompatibility study of polyacrylate TiO(2)@Ag coated 
nanoparticles for the radiation dose enhancement.

Rehman AU(1)(2), Hassan M(1), Bano S(3), Farooq K(1), Raza A(2), Naeem Anjum 
M(1).

Author information:
(1)Medical Physics Group, Department of Physics, The Islamia University of 
Bahawalpur, Bahawalpur, Pakistan.
(2)School of Pharmacy, The University of Queensland Brisbane, Brisbane, 
Australia.
(3)Department of Pharmacy, The Islamia University of Bahawalpur, Bahawalpur, 
Pakistan.

Retraction in
    Artif Cells Nanomed Biotechnol. 2021 Dec;49(1):680. doi: 
10.1080/21691401.2021.2003050.

To enhance the efficacy of radiation therapy, functionalised core-shell 
nanoparticles (CS NPs) are used as a radiosensitizer. These NPs can act as a 
therapeutic agent and carrier for other therapeutic agents. In this study, the 
first poly-acrylic acid modified silver-coated titanium dioxide NPs were 
fabricated to evaluate the radiation dose enhancement within the human tissue 
equivalent polymer gel after investigating the biocompatibility. Macrophage cell 
line and rats model were used for in vitro and in vivo study respectively. Two 
different beam qualities were applied to quantify the radiation dose enhancement 
with different concentrations of NPs in the polymer gel. The dose enhancement 
factors (DEFs) indicated that these biocompatible CS NPs are more effective for 
the radiation dose enhancement at low energy x-rays (80 kV) as compared to the 
high energy gamma (1.25 MeV Co60). These results suggested that functionalised 
core-shell silver-coated titanium dioxide NPs have great potential as a 
radiosensitizer in radiation therapy.

DOI: 10.1080/21691401.2021.1889574
PMID: 33620276 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


646. JAMA Netw Open. 2021 Feb 1;4(2):e2033605. doi: 
10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2020.33605.

Notice of Retraction and Replacement. Li et al. Association Between Maternal 
Exposure to Magnetic Field Nonionizing Radiation During Pregnancy and Risk of 
Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in Offspring in a Longitudinal Birth 
Cohort. JAMA Netw Open. 2020;3(3):e201417.

Li DK(1).

Author information:
(1)Division of Research, Kaiser Permanente Northern California, Oakland.

Retraction of
    JAMA Netw Open. 2020 Mar 2;3(3):e201417. doi: 
10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2020.1417.

DOI: 10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2020.33605
PMID: 33599776


647. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Hum Exp Toxicol. 2021 Aug;40(8):1274-1285. doi: 10.1177/0960327121991913. Epub 
2021 Feb 11.

MiR-30a-5p inhibits proliferation, migration and invasion of nasopharyngeal 
carcinoma cells by targeting NUCB2.

Li M(1)(2), Wang Y(1)(2), Zhao Q(3), Ma W(4), Liu J(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, 74566The First Affiliated Hospital of 
Soochow University, Suzhou, Jiangsu, China.
(2)M Li and Y Wang are co-first authors.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, 74566The First Affiliated Hospital of 
Soochow University, Suzhou, Jiangsu, China.
(4)Department of Quality Management, 74566The First Affiliated Hospital of 
Soochow University, Suzhou, Jiangsu, China.

Retraction in
    Hum Exp Toxicol. 2023 Jan-Dec;42:9603271231192801. doi: 
10.1177/09603271231192801.

BACKGROUND: Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is a malignant head and neck tumor 
arising in the nasopharynx. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are elucidated to exert 
tumor-suppressing function in human cancers. Numerous studies have manifested 
that miR-30a-5p serves as an anti-oncogene in various cancers.
OBJECTIVE: To research the biological function and molecular mechanism of 
miR-30a-5p in NPC.
METHODS: The morphology of NPC tissues was revealed by H&E staining. Transwell 
and wound healing assays were applied to investigate the effects of miR-30a-5p 
on NPC cell migration. The binding interaction between miR-30a-5p and 
nucleobindin 2 (NUCB2) was identified by luciferase reporter assay. Xenograft 
nude mice were used to detect the influence of miR-30a-5p on NPC tumor growth.
RESULTS: MiR-30a-5p was downregulated in NPC tissues and cells. The 
overexpression ofmiR-30a-5p inhibited proliferation, migration and invasion 
abilities of NPC cells. Moreover, NUCB2 was revealed to be a downstream target 
gene of miR-30a-5p, and knockdown of NUCB2 repressed the malignant behaviors of 
NPC cells and tumor growth. Additionally, rescue experiments revealed that 
miR-30a-5p suppressed the proliferation, migration and invasion of NPC cells via 
targeting NUCB2 in vitro. Meanwhile, in vivo assays depicted that NUCB2 
overexpression rescued the effects induced by miR-30a-5p upregulation on tumor 
growth.
CONCLUSION: MiR-30a-5p modulates NPC progression by targeting NUCB2. These 
findings lay a foundation for exploring the clinical treatment of NPC.

DOI: 10.1177/0960327121991913
PMID: 33567921 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


648. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncogene. 2021 Mar;40(10):1821-1835. doi: 10.1038/s41388-020-01601-8. Epub 2021 
Feb 9.

The long noncoding RNA CRYBG3 induces aneuploidy by interfering with spindle 
assembly checkpoint via direct binding with Bub3.

Guo Z(1)(2), Dai Y(1), Hu W(1), Zhang Y(3), Cao Z(3), Pei W(1), Liu N(1), Nie 
J(1), Wu A(1), Mao W(3), Chang L(1), Li B(1), Pei H(4), Hei TK(5), Zhou G(6).

Author information:
(1)State Key Laboratory of Radiation Medicine and Protection, School of 
Radiation Medicine and Protection, Institute of Space Life Sciences, Medical 
College of Soochow University, Collaborative Innovation Center of Radiological 
Medicine of Jiangsu Higher Education Institutions, Suzhou, 215123, China.
(2)Center for Radiological Research, College of Physician and Surgeons, Columbia 
University Medical Center, New York, NY, USA.
(3)Department of Pathology, the Second Affiliated Hospital, Medical College of 
Soochow University, Suzhou, 215123, China.
(4)State Key Laboratory of Radiation Medicine and Protection, School of 
Radiation Medicine and Protection, Institute of Space Life Sciences, Medical 
College of Soochow University, Collaborative Innovation Center of Radiological 
Medicine of Jiangsu Higher Education Institutions, Suzhou, 215123, China. 
hlpei@suda.edu.cn.
(5)Center for Radiological Research, College of Physician and Surgeons, Columbia 
University Medical Center, New York, NY, USA. tkh1@cumc.columbia.edu.
(6)State Key Laboratory of Radiation Medicine and Protection, School of 
Radiation Medicine and Protection, Institute of Space Life Sciences, Medical 
College of Soochow University, Collaborative Innovation Center of Radiological 
Medicine of Jiangsu Higher Education Institutions, Suzhou, 215123, China. 
gmzhou@suda.edu.cn.

Retraction in
    Oncogene. 2024 Apr;43(15):1161. doi: 10.1038/s41388-024-02997-3.

Aneuploidy is a hallmark of genomic instability that leads to tumor initiation, 
progression, and metastasis. CDC20, Bub1, and Bub3 form the mitosis checkpoint 
complex (MCC) that binds the anaphase-promoting complex or cyclosome (APC/C), a 
crucial factor of the spindle assembly checkpoint (SAC), to ensure the 
bi-directional attachment and proper segregation of all sister chromosomes. 
However, just how MCC is regulated to ensure normal mitosis during cellular 
division remains unclear. In the present study, we demonstrated that LNC CRYBG3, 
an ionizing radiation-inducible long noncoding RNA, directly binds with Bub3 and 
interrupts its interaction with CDC20 to result in aneuploidy. The 261-317 (S3) 
residual of the LNC CRYBG3 sequence is critical for its interaction with Bub3 
protein. Overexpression of LNC CRYBG3 leads to aneuploidy and promotes 
tumorigenesis and metastasis of lung cancer cells, implying that LNC CRYBG3 is a 
novel oncogene. These findings provide a novel mechanistic basis for the 
pathogenesis of NSCLC after exposure to ionizing radiation as well as a 
potential target for the diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis of an often fatal 
disease.

DOI: 10.1038/s41388-020-01601-8
PMCID: PMC7946627
PMID: 33564066 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interest.


649. Eur J Med Res. 2021 Feb 8;26(1):19. doi: 10.1186/s40001-021-00488-9.

Grave thoraco-intestinal complication secondary to an undetected traumatic 
rupture of the diaphragm: a case report.

Beshay M(#)(1), Krüger M(#)(2), Singh K(3), Borgstedt R(4), Benhidjeb T(3), 
Bölke E(5), Vordemvenne T(#)(6), Schulte Am Esch J(#)(7)(8).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thoracic Surgery, University Hospital OWL of the University 
Bielefeld, campus Bielefeld-Bethel, Bielefeld, Germany.
(2)Department of Internal Medicine and Gastroenterology, University Hospital OWL 
of the University Bielefeld, campus Bielefeld-Bethel, Bielefeld, Germany.
(3)Department of General and Visceral Surgery, University Hospital OWL of the 
University Bielefeld, campus Bielefeld-Bethel, Bielefeld, Germany.
(4)Department of Anesthesiology, Intensive Care, Emergency-, Transfusion- and 
Pain-Medicine, University Hospital OWL of the University Bielefeld, campus 
Bielefeld-Bethel, Bielefeld, Germany.
(5)Medical Faculty, Department of Radiation Oncology, Heinrich Heine University, 
Duesseldorf, Germany.
(6)Department of Trauma Surgery and Orthopedics, University Hospital OWL of the 
University Bielefeld, campus Bielefeld-Bethel, Bielefeld, Germany.
(7)Department of General and Visceral Surgery, University Hospital OWL of the 
University Bielefeld, campus Bielefeld-Bethel, Bielefeld, Germany. 
jan.schulteamesch@evkb.de.
(8)Department of General and Visceral Surgery, Evangelisches Klinikum Bethel, 
Schildescher Str. 99, 33611, Bielefeld, Germany. jan.schulteamesch@evkb.de.
(#)Contributed equally

BACKGROUND: Diaphragmatic lesions as a result of blunt or penetrating trauma are 
challenging to detect in the initial trauma setting. This is especially true 
when diaphragmatic trauma is part of a polytrauma. Complications of undetected 
diaphragmatic defects with incarcerating bowel are rare, but as in our patient 
can be serious.
CASE PRESENTATION: A 57-year-old female presented to the Emergency Room of our 
Hospital in a critical condition with 3 days of increasing abdominal pain. The 
initial clinical examination showed peritonism with tinkling peristaltic bowel 
sounds of mechanical obstruction. A thoraco-abdominal CT scan demonstrated colon 
prolapsed through the left diaphragmatic center with a large sero-pneumothorax 
under tension. As the patient was hemodynamically increasingly unstable with 
developing septic shock, an emergency laparotomy was performed. After retraction 
of the left colon, which had herniated through a defect of the tendinous center 
of the left diaphragm and was perforated due to transmural ischemia, large 
amounts of feces and gas discharged from the left thorax. A left hemicolectomy 
resulting in a Hartmann-type procedure was performed. A fully established 
pleural empyema required meticulous debridement and lavage conducted via the 
7-10 cm in diameter phrenic opening followed by a diaphragmatic defect 
reconstruction. Due to pneumonia and recurring pleural empyema redo-debridement 
of the left pleural space via thoracotomy were required. The patient was 
discharged on day 56. A thorough history of possible trauma revealed a 
bicycle-fall trauma 7 months prior to this hospitalization with a surgically 
stabilized fracture of the left femur and conservatively treated fractures of 
ribs 3-9 on the left side.
CONCLUSION: This is the first report on a primarily established empyema at the 
time of first surgical intervention for feco-pneumothorax secondary to delayed 
diagnosed diaphragmatic rupture following abdomino-thoracic blunt trauma with 
colic perforation into the pleural space, requiring repetitive surgical 
debridement in order to control local and systemic sepsis. Thorough 
investigation should always be undertaken in cases of blunt abdominal and 
thoracic trauma to exclude diaphragmatic injury in order to avoid post-traumatic 
complications.

DOI: 10.1186/s40001-021-00488-9
PMCID: PMC7871382
PMID: 33557953 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: No competing interests or conflicts exist for 
any author to declare.


650. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Front Oncol. 2021 Jan 21;10:614430. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2020.614430. eCollection 
2020.

Establishment of Criteria for Molecular Differential Diagnosis of MPLC and IPM.

Wang X(1)(2), Gong Y(3), Yao J(1)(2), Chen Y(1), Li Y(4), Zeng Z(1), Lu Y(1), 
Song L(1)(2)(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, The Fifth Medical Center of the Chinese People's 
Liberation Army (PLA) General Hospital, Beijing, China.
(2)The Medical Division, HaploX Biotechnology, Shenzhen, China.
(3)Department of Gastroenterology, The Second Medical Center of the Chinese PLA 
General Hospital, Beijing, China.
(4)Department of Radiotherapy, The Eighth Medical Center of the Chinese PLA 
General Hospital, Beijing, China.

Retraction in
    Front Oncol. 2024 Mar 20;14:1399853. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2024.1399853.

BACKGROUNDS: Differential diagnosis of multiple primary lung cancer (MPLC) and 
intrapulmonary metastasis (IPM) is one difficulty in lung cancer diagnosis, and 
crucial for establishment of treatment strategies and prognosis prediction. This 
study aims to establish the criteria for molecular differential diagnosis of 
synchronous MPLC and IPM by the next-generation sequencing (NGS) method.
METHODS: Training cohort included 30 synchronous MPLC (67 samples) patients and 
5 synchronous IPM (13 samples) patients with adenocarcinoma. Criteria of 
MPLC/IPM differential diagnosis were established by results from a NGS-based 
605-gene panel test. Subsequently, 16 patients (36 samples) were recruited as 
the validation cohort to verify the criteria.
RESULTS: IPM lesions showed a high degree of mutation overlap with an average 
concordance rate of 60.2% (range: 15.8%-91.7%). IPM lesions had at least three 
common alterations, including both high-frequency driver gene alterations and 
low-frequency gene alterations. In contrast, the average concordance rate of 
MPLC was 11.0% (range: 0.0%-100.0%), among which 66.7% (20/30) of patients had 
no common alterations (concordance rate: 0%). In the remaining 10 patients, 9 
had only one overlapping alteration while 1 had two overlapping alterations, in 
which 6 patients had EGFR L858R overlapping mutation. Alterations were 
classified into trunk, shared, and branch subtypes. Branch alterations accounted 
for 94.4% of mutations in MPLC, while accounted for only 45.0% in IMP. In 
contrast, the ratio of trunk (38.3%) and shared (16.7%) alterations in IPM was 
significantly higher. The criteria for differentiating MPLC from IPM using 
605-gene panel was established: 1) MPLC can be interpreted if no overlapping 
alterations is found; 2) MPLC is recommended if one overlapping high-frequency 
drive gene alteration and/or one overlapping low-frequency gene alteration 
are/is found; 3) IPM can be interpreted if more than three common alterations 
are found. Subsequently, 16 patients were recruited as the validation cohort in 
the single-blind manner to verify the criteria, and 14 MPLC and 2 IPM were 
identified, which was 100% consistent with the results from independent imaging 
and pathological diagnosis.
CONCLUSIONS: NGS detection can distinguish synchronous MPLC from IPM and is a 
useful tool to assist differential diagnosis.

Copyright © 2021 Wang, Gong, Yao, Chen, Li, Zeng, Lu and Song.

DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2020.614430
PMCID: PMC7860975
PMID: 33552986

Conflict of interest statement: XW, LS, and JY are employees of HaploX 
Biotechnology. The remaining authors declare that the research was conducted in 
the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed 
as a potential conflict of interest.


651. Theranostics. 2021 Jan 19;11(7):3392-3416. doi: 10.7150/thno.52435. eCollection 
2021.

ILT4 inhibition prevents TAM- and dysfunctional T cell-mediated 
immunosuppression and enhances the efficacy of anti-PD-L1 therapy in NSCLC with 
EGFR activation.

Chen X(1)(2), Gao A(1), Zhang F(1), Yang Z(2), Wang S(1), Fang Y(1), Li J(1), 
Wang J(1), Shi W(2), Wang L(3), Zheng Y(4), Sun Y(1)(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Jinan Central Hospital, Cheeloo College of Medicine, 
Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong 250013, P. R. China.
(2)Cheeloo College of Medicine, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong 250012, P. 
R. China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital and Institute, 
Shandong First Medical University and Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences, 
Jinan, Shandong 250012, P. R. China.
(4)Research Center of Translational Medicine, Jinan Central Hospital, Cheeloo 
College of Medicine, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong 250013, P. R. China.
(5)Department of Oncology, Jinan Central Hospital affiliated to Shandong First 
Medical University, Jinan, Shandong 250013, P. R. China.

Rationale: Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) against the PD-1/PD-L1 pathway 
showed limited success in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients, 
especially in those with activating epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) 
mutations. Elucidation of the mechanisms underlying EGFR-mediated tumor immune 
escape and the development of effective immune therapeutics are urgently needed. 
Immunoglobulin-like transcript (ILT) 4, a crucial immunosuppressive molecule 
initially identified in myeloid cells, is enriched in solid tumor cells and 
promotes the malignant behavior of NSCLC. However, the upstream regulation of 
ILT4 overexpression and its function in tumor immunity of NSCLC with EGFR 
activation remains unclear. Methods: ILT4 expression and EGFR phosphorylation in 
human NSCLC tissues and cell lines were analyzed using immunohistochemistry 
(IHC), real-time PCR, Western blotting, immunofluorescence, and flow cytometry. 
The molecular signaling for EGFR-regulated ILT4 expression was investigated 
using mRNA microarray and The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) database analyses and 
then confirmed by Western blotting. The regulation of tumor cell proliferation 
and apoptosis by ILT4 was examined by CCK8 proliferation and apoptosis assays. 
The impact of ILT4 and PD-L1 on tumor-associated macrophage (TAM) recruitment 
and polarization was evaluated using Transwell migration assay, flow cytometry, 
enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and real-time PCR, while their impact 
on T cell survival and cytotoxicity was analyzed by CFSE proliferation assay, 
apoptotic assay, flow cytometry, ELISA and cytolytic assay. Tumor immunotherapy 
models targeting at paired Ig-like receptor B (PIR-B, an ortholog of ILT4 in 
mouse)/ILT4 and/or PD-L1 were established in C57BL/6 mice inoculated with stable 
EGFR- overexpressing Lewis lung carcinoma (LLC) cells and in humanized NSG mice 
inoculated with EGFR mutant, gefitinib-resistant PC9 (PC9-GR) or 
EGFR-overexpressing wild type H1299 cells. PIR-B and ILT4 inhibition was 
implemented by infection of specific knockdown lentivirus and PD-L1 was blocked 
using human/mouse neutralizing antibodies. The tumor growth model was 
established in NSG mice injected with PIR-B-downregulated LLC cells to evaluate 
the effect of PIR-B on tumor proliferation. The frequencies and phenotypes of 
macrophages and T cells in mouse spleens and blood were detected by flow 
cytometry while those in tumor tissues were determined by IHC and 
immunofluorescence. Results: We found that ILT4 expression in tumor cells was 
positively correlated with EGFR phosphorylation in human NSCLC tissues. Using 
NSCLC cell lines, we demonstrated that ILT4 was upregulated by both tyrosine 
kinase mutation-induced and epidermal growth factor (EGF)-dependent EGFR 
activation and subsequent AKT/ERK1/2 phosphorylation. Overexpressed ILT4 in 
EGFR-activated tumor cells induced TAM recruitment and M2-like polarization, 
which impaired T cell function. ILT4 also directly inhibited T cell 
proliferation, cytotoxicity, and IFN-γ expression and secretion. In 
EGFR-activated cell lines in vitro and in wild-type EGFR-activated C57BL/6 and 
humanized NSG immunotherapy models in vivo, either ILT4 (PIR-B) or PD-L1 
inhibition enhanced anti-tumor immunity and suppressed tumor progression by 
counteracting TAM- and dysfunctional T cell- induced immuno-suppressive TME; the 
combined inhibition of both molecules showed the most dramatic tumor retraction. 
Surprisingly, in EGFR mutant, TKI resistant humanized NSG immunotherapy model, 
ILT4 inhibition alone rather than in combination with a PD-L1 inhibitor 
suppressed tumor growth and immune evasion. Conclusions: ILT4 was induced by 
activation of EGFR-AKT and ERK1/2 signaling in NSCLC cells. Overexpressed ILT4 
suppressed tumor immunity by recruiting M2-like TAMs and impairing T cell 
response, while ILT4 inhibition prevented immunosuppression and tumor promotion. 
Furthermore, ILT4 inhibition enhanced the efficacy of PD-L1 inhibitor in EGFR 
wild-type but not in EGFR mutant NSCLC. Our study identified novel mechanisms 
for EGFR-mediated tumor immune escape, and provided promising immunotherapeutic 
strategies for patients with EGFR-activated NSCLC.

© The author(s).

DOI: 10.7150/thno.52435
PMCID: PMC7847666
PMID: 33537094 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Competing Interests: The authors have declared 
that no competing interest exists.


652. ACS Nano. 2021 Feb 23;15(2):2933-2946. doi: 10.1021/acsnano.0c09122. Epub 2021 
Feb 2.

Highly Tumor-Specific and Long-Acting Iodine-131 Microbeads for Enhanced 
Treatment of Hepatocellular Carcinoma with Low-Dose Radio-Chemoembolization.

Qian Y(1), Liu Q(2), Li P(2), Han Y(3), Zhang J(2), Xu J(1), Sun J(1), Wu A(1), 
Song S(2), Lu W(1).

Author information:
(1)Minhang Hospital & School of Pharmacy, Key Laboratory of Smart Drug Delivery, 
Ministry of Education, & State Key Laboratory of Molecular Engineering of 
Polymers, Fudan University, Shanghai 201199, China.
(2)Department of Nuclear Medicine, Fudan University Shanghai Cancer Center, 
Fudan University, Shanghai 200032, China.
(3)Center for Molecular Imaging and Nuclear Medicine, State Key Laboratory of 
Radiation Medicine and Protection, School for Radiological and Interdisciplinary 
Sciences (RAD-X), Soochow University, Collaborative Innovation Center of 
Radiation Medicine of Jiangsu Higher Education Institutions, Suzhou 215123, 
China.

Transarterial radioembolization (TARE) is considered the standard treatment for 
intermediate-stage hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Iodine-131 (131I)-labeled 
lipiodol TARE is an effective treatment for HCC but has been withdrawn due to 
its poor retention in tumor lesions and significant distribution in normal 
tissues with severe side effects. In this work, a highly tumor-specific 
131I-TARE agent with long-time retention is developed by simply introducing 
tyrosine to poly(vinyl alcohol) (PVA) drug-eluting microbeads (Tyr-PVA-DEBs). 
The labeling efficiency of 131I-labeled microbeads remains above 85% in 50% 
serum for 31 days. Micro-single-photon emission computed tomography/computed 
tomography (μSPECT/CT) evidences that the 131I-labeled microbeads accumulate in 
the orthotopic N1S1 hepatoma of rats for 31 days following intra-arterial 
injection. The cumulative radiation dose per cubic centimeter of the tumor is at 
least 13 678-fold higher than that of normal tissues. The highly tumor-selective 
radiation of the 131I-labeled microbeads allows localized delivery of 345.04 ± 
139.16 Gy to the tumor following a single injection dose as low as 0.2 mCi of 
131I. Moreover, the 131I-labeled microbeads are loaded with doxorubicin 
hydrochloride (DOX) through the carboxy groups on tyrosine of the polymer. The 
131I-DOX-loaded microbeads present a synergetic antitumor effect without 
recurrence in comparison with the microbeads labeled with 131I or loading DOX 
alone, attributed to the sensitization of DOX to 131I-induced ionizing radiation 
damage to DNA under the embolization-induced hypoxia. Our results demonstrate a 
high tumor retention of 131I-labeled embolic agent for low-dose transarterial 
radio-chemoembolization (TARCE) with a synergetic therapeutic effect on treating 
HCC, showing potential for clinical application.

DOI: 10.1021/acsnano.0c09122
PMID: 33529007 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


653. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cell Mol Med. 2021 Mar;25(5):2563-2571. doi: 10.1111/jcmm.16226. Epub 2021 Feb 
1.

Naringenin inhibits migration, invasion, induces apoptosis in human lung cancer 
cells and arrests tumour progression in vitro.

Shi X(1), Luo X(2), Chen T(1), Guo W(1), Liang C(1), Tang S(1), Mo J(3).

Author information:
(1)Guangzhou key Laboratory of Enhanced Recovery after Abdominal Surgery, 
Department of Radiation Oncology, The Fifth hospital of Guangzhou Medial 
University, Guangzhou, China.
(2)Department of Thoracic surgery, The Fifth hospital of Guangzhou Medial 
University, Guangzhou, China.
(3)Department of Respiratory Medicine, Peking University Shenzhen Hospital, 
Shenzhen, China.

Retraction in
    J Cell Mol Med. 2024 May;28(9):e18325. doi: 10.1111/jcmm.18325.

Lung cancer is one of the major cause for high-death rate all over the world, 
due to increased metastasize and difficulties in diagnosis. Naringenin is 
naturally occurring flavonoid found in various fruits including tomatoes, citrus 
fruit and figs. Naringenin is known to have several therapeutic effects 
including anti-atherogenic, antimicrobial, anti-inflammatory, hepatoprotective, 
anticancer and anti-mutagenic. The present study was aimed to analyse the 
naringenin induced anti-proliferative and apoptosis effects in human lung cancer 
cells. Cells were treated with various concentrations of naringenin (10, 100 & 
200 µmol/L) for 48 hours. Cisplatin (20 µg/mL) was used as positive control. 
Cell viability, apoptosis, migration and mRNA, and protein expression of 
caspase-3, matrixmetallo proteinases-2 (MMP-2) and MMP-9 were determined. The 
cell viability was 93.7 ± 7.5, 51.4 ± 4.4 and 32.1 ± 2.1 at 10, 100 and 
200 µmol/L of naringenin respectively. Naringenin significantly increased 
apoptotic cells. The 100 and 200 µmol/L of naringenin significantly suppressed 
the larger wounds of cultured human cancer cells compared with the untreated 
lung cancer cells. Naringenin increased d the expression of caspase-3 and 
reduced the expression of MMP-2 and MMP-9. Taking all these data together, it is 
suggested that the naringenin was effective against human lung cancer 
proliferation, migration and metastasis.

© 2021 The Authors. Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine published by 
Foundation for Cellular and Molecular Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/jcmm.16226
PMCID: PMC7933922
PMID: 33523599 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Authors declare that they have no conflict of 
interest.


654. J Nucl Med. 2021 Aug 1;62(8):1089-1096. doi: 10.2967/jnumed.120.256784. Epub 
2021 Jan 30.

Salvage Radiotherapy Management Decisions in Postprostatectomy Patients with 
Recurrent Prostate Cancer Based on (18)F-Fluciclovine PET/CT Guidance.

Abiodun-Ojo OA(1), Jani AB(2), Akintayo AA(3), Akin-Akintayo OO(3), Odewole 
OA(3), Tade FI(4), Joshi SS(5), Master VA(5), Fielder B(3), Halkar RK(3), Zhang 
C(6), Goyal S(7), Goodman MM(3)(8), Schuster DM(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Emory University, Atlanta, 
Georgia; ojo@emory.edu.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Winship Cancer Institute, Emory University, 
Atlanta, Georgia.
(3)Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Emory University, Atlanta, 
Georgia.
(4)Department of Radiology, Loyola University Medical Center, Maywood, Illinois.
(5)Department of Urology, Emory University, Atlanta, Georgia.
(6)Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Rollins School of Public 
Health, Emory University, Atlanta, Georgia.
(7)Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics Shared Resource, Winship 
Cancer Institute, Emory University, Atlanta, Georgia; and.
(8)Emory University Center for Systems Imaging, Atlanta, Georgia.

Imaging with novel PET radiotracers has significantly influenced radiotherapy 
decision making and radiation planning in patients with recurrent prostate 
cancer (PCa). The purpose of this analysis was to report the final results for 
management decision changes based on 18F-fluciclovine PET/CT findings and 
determine whether the decision change trend remained after completion of 
accrual. Methods: Patients with detectable prostate-specific antigen (PSA) after 
prostatectomy were randomized to undergo either conventional imaging (CI) only 
(arm A) or CI plus 18F-fluciclovine PET/CT (arm B) before radiotherapy. In arm 
B, positivity rates on CI and 18F-fluciclovine PET/CT for detection of recurrent 
PCa were determined. Final decisions on whether to offer radiotherapy and 
whether to include only the prostate bed or also the pelvis in the radiotherapy 
field were based on 18F-fluciclovine PET/CT findings. Radiotherapy decisions 
before and after 18F-fluciclovine PET/CT were compared. The statistical 
significance of decision changes was determined using the Clopper-Pearson 
(exact) binomial method. Prognostic factors were compared between patients with 
and without decision changes. Results: All 165 patients enrolled in the study 
had standard-of-care CI and were initially planned to receive radiotherapy. 
Sixty-three of 79 (79.7%) patients (median PSA, 0.33 ng/mL) who underwent 
18F-fluciclovine PET/CT (arm B) had positive findings. 18F-Fluciclovine PET/CT 
had a significantly higher positivity rate than CI did for the whole body (79.7% 
vs. 13.9%; P < 0.001), prostate bed (69.6% vs. 5.1%; P < 0.001), and pelvic 
lymph nodes (38.0% vs. 10.1%; P < 0.001). Twenty-eight of 79 (35.4%) patients 
had the overall radiotherapy decision changed after 18F-fluciclovine PET/CT; in 
4 of 79 (5.1%), the decision to use radiotherapy was withdrawn because of 
extrapelvic disease detected on 18F-fluciclovine PET/CT. In 24 of 75 (32.0%) 
patients with a final decision to undergo radiotherapy, the radiotherapy field 
was changed. Changes in overall radiotherapy decisions and radiotherapy fields 
were statistically significant (P < 0.001). Overall, the mean PSA at PET was 
significantly different between patients with and without radiotherapy decision 
changes (P = 0.033). Conclusion:18F-Fluciclovine PET/CT significantly altered 
salvage radiotherapy decisions in patients with recurrent PCa after 
prostatectomy. Further analysis to determine the impact of 18F-fluciclovine 
PET/CT guidance on clinical outcomes after radiotherapy is in progress.

© 2021 by the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging.

DOI: 10.2967/jnumed.120.256784
PMCID: PMC8833876
PMID: 33517323 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


655. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2021 Jul 1;110(3):766-771. doi: 
10.1016/j.ijrobp.2021.01.026. Epub 2021 Jan 27.

5-Year Outcomes of a Randomized Trial Comparing Prone and Supine Whole Breast 
Irradiation in Large-Breasted Women.

Vakaet V(1), Van Hulle H(2), Vergotte M(2), Schoepen M(3), Deseyne P(4), Van 
Greveling A(5), Post G(2), Speleers B(2), Paelinck L(5), Monten C(4), De Neve 
W(4), Veldeman L(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Human Structure and Repair, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium; 
Department of Radiation Oncology, Ghent University Hospital, Ghent, Belgium. 
Electronic address: vincent.vakaet@ugent.be.
(2)Department of Human Structure and Repair, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.
(3)Department of Human Structure and Repair, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium; 
Department of Industrial Systems Engineering and Product Design, Kortrijk, 
Belgium.
(4)Department of Human Structure and Repair, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium; 
Department of Radiation Oncology, Ghent University Hospital, Ghent, Belgium.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Ghent University Hospital, Ghent, Belgium.

PURPOSE: Prone position for whole breast irradiation (WBI) results in lower 
rates of toxicity and reduced ipsilateral mean lung and heart doses. No 
randomized trials comparing toxicity and cosmesis at 5 years with prone and 
supine positioning are available.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: In this phase 2 open-label trial, 100 patients with large 
breast size requiring WBI were randomized between prone and supine positioning. 
Physician-assessed toxicity (retraction, fibrosis, edema, telangiectasia, 
pigmentation changes) was scored yearly for a total of 5 years, and photographs 
were taken at 5 years to assess cosmesis. The data were analyzed longitudinally 
and cross-sectionally.
RESULTS: Longitudinal analysis shows lower grade 2 late toxicity with prone 
positioning. The results for at least grade 1 physician-assessed toxicity at 5 
years are similar between supine and prone position, respectively, for 
retraction (56% vs 54%), fibrosis outside the tumor bed (33% vs 24%), tumor bed 
fibrosis (49% vs 46%), edema (11% vs 8%), telangiectasia (8% vs 3%), and breast 
pain (6% vs 8%) using cross-sectional analysis. However, the risk of 
pigmentation changes in prone position (0% vs 19%) 5 years after radiation 
therapy was significantly lower. Cosmesis was good or excellent in 92% and 75% 
of patients who used prone and supine positioning, respectively. The 5-year 
overall survival is 96% in both groups.
CONCLUSION: Prone positioning results in reduced rates of late toxicity.

Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ijrobp.2021.01.026
PMID: 33508375 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


656. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2021 Jan 6;2021:8853269. doi: 10.1155/2021/8853269. eCollection 
2021.

Long Noncoding RNAs: New Regulators of Resistance to Systemic Therapies for 
Gastric Cancer.

Sun W(1)(2), Jiang C(3), Ji Y(1)(2), Xiao C(1)(2), Song H(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Internal Medicine-Oncology Affiliated Qingdao Central Hospital, 
Qingdao University, 127 Siliu South Road, Qingdao 266042, China.
(2)Department of Internal Medicine-Oncology Qingdao Tumor Hospital, 127 Siliu 
South Road, Qingdao 266042, China.
(3)Department of Pathology Qingdao Municipal Hospital, Donghai Middle Road, 
Qingdao 266071, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2024 Jan 9;2024:9792515. doi: 10.1155/2024/9792515.

Gastric cancer (GC) is the second leading cause of cancer mortality and the 
fourth most commonly diagnosed malignant disease, with approximately 951,000 new 
cases diagnosed and approximately 723,000 cases of mortality each year. The 
highest mortality rate of GC is in East Asia, and the lowest is in North 
America. A large number of studies have demonstrated that GC patients are 
characterized by higher morbidity, metastasis rates, and mortality and lower 
early diagnosis rates, radical resection rates, and 5-year survival rates. All 
cases of GC can be divided into two important stages, namely, early- and 
advanced-stage GC, and the stage mainly determines the treatment strategy for 
and the therapeutic effect in GC patients. Patients with early-stage GC undergo 
radical surgery followed by chemotherapy, and the 5-year survival rate can be as 
high as 90%. However, patients with advanced-stage GC cannot undergo radical 
surgery because they are at risk for metastasis; therefore, they can choose only 
radiotherapy or chemotherapy and have a poor prognosis. Based on the lack of 
specific clinical manifestations and detection methods, most GC patients (>70%) 
are diagnosed in the advanced stage; therefore, continued efforts toward 
developing treatments have been focused on advanced-stage GC patients and 
include molecular targeted therapy, immunotherapy, and small molecular therapy. 
Nevertheless, in recent years, accumulating evidence has indicated that small 
molecules, especially long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs), are involved in the 
occurrence, development, and progression of GC, and their abundantly 
dysregulated expression has been identified in GC tissues and cell lines. 
Therefore, lncRNAs are considered easily detectable molecules and ideal 
biomarkers or target-specific agents for the future diagnosis or treatment of 
GC. In this review, we primarily discuss the status of GC, the role of lncRNAs 
in GC, and the emerging systemic treatments for GC.

Copyright © 2021 Weihong Sun et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2021/8853269
PMCID: PMC7808844
PMID: 33506041 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interests.


657. RSC Adv. 2021 Jan 26;11(9):5021. doi: 10.1039/d1ra90037d. eCollection 2021 Jan 
25.

Retraction: Down-regulation of the radiation-induced pEGFR(Thr654) mediated 
activation of DNA-PK by Cetuximab in cervical cancer cells.

Fisher L(1).

Author information:
(1)Royal Society of Chemistry Thomas Graham House, Science Park, Milton Road 
Cambridge CB4 0WF UK advances-rsc@rsc.org.

Retraction of
    RSC Adv. 2020 Jan 6;10(2):1132-1141. doi: 10.1039/c9ra04962b.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1039/C9RA04962B.].

This journal is © The Royal Society of Chemistry.

DOI: 10.1039/d1ra90037d
PMCID: PMC8694688
PMID: 35426984


658. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncogenesis. 2021 Jan 19;10(1):12. doi: 10.1038/s41389-020-00300-z.

PI3K/Akt pathway and Nanog maintain cancer stem cells in sarcomas.

Yoon C(1), Lu J(1)(2), Yi BC(1), Chang KK(1), Simon MC(3), Ryeom S(4), Yoon 
SS(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Surgery, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY, 
USA.
(2)Department of Gastric Surgery, Fujian Medical University Union Hospital, 
Fujian, China.
(3)Abramson Family Cancer Research Institute, Perelman School of Medicine, 
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, 19104, USA.
(4)Department of Cancer Biology, Perelman School of Medicine, University of 
Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, 19104, USA.
(5)Department of Surgery, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY, 
USA. yoons@mskcc.org.

Retraction in
    Oncogenesis. 2024 May 29;13(1):18. doi: 10.1038/s41389-024-00519-0.

The self-renewal transcription factor Nanog and the phosphoinositide 3-kinase 
(PI3K)-Akt pathway are known to be essential for maintenance of mesenchymal stem 
cells. We evaluated their contribution to the maintenance of CD133(+) cancer 
stem-like cells (CSCs) and spheroid-forming cells in patient-derived cell lines 
from three human sarcoma subtypes: HT1080 fibrosarcoma, SK-LMS-1 leiomyosarcoma, 
and DDLS8817 dedifferentiated liposarcoma. Levels of Nanog and activated Akt 
were significantly higher in sarcoma cells grown as spheroids or sorted for 
CD133 expression to enrich for CSCs. shRNA knockdown of Nanog decreased spheroid 
formation 10- to 14-fold, and reversed resistance to both doxorubicin and 
radiation in vitro and in H1080 flank xenografts. In the HT1080 xenograft model, 
doxorubicin and Nanog knockdown reduced tumor growth by 34% and 45%, 
respectively, and the combination reduced tumor growth by 74%. Using a human 
phospho-kinase antibody array, Akt1/2 signaling, known to regulate Nanog, was 
found to be highly activated in sarcoma spheroid cells compared with monolayer 
cells. Pharmacologic inhibition of Akt using LY294002 and Akt1/2 knockdown using 
shRNA in sarcoma CSCs decreased Nanog expression and spheroid formation and 
reversed chemotherapy resistance. Akt1/2 inhibition combined with doxorubicin 
treatment of HT1080 flank xenografts reduced tumor growth by 73%. Finally, in a 
human sarcoma tumor microarray, expression of CD133, Nanog, and phospho-Akt were 
1.8- to 6.8-fold higher in tumor tissue compared with normal tissue. Together, 
these results indicate that the Akt1/2-Nanog pathway is critical for maintenance 
of sarcoma CSCs and spheroid-forming cells, supporting further exploration of 
this pathway as a therapeutic target in sarcoma.

DOI: 10.1038/s41389-020-00300-z
PMCID: PMC7815726
PMID: 33468992

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interest.


659. Acta Myol. 2020 Dec 1;39(4):283-288. doi: 10.36185/2532-1900-031. eCollection 
2020 Dec.

The changing spectrum of drug-induced myopathies.

Mastaglia FL(1).

Author information:
(1)Perron Institute for Neurological and Translational Science, Queen Elizabeth 
II Medical Centre, Nedlands, Western Australia, Australia.

Drug-induced myopathies are a group of disorders whose importance lies in the 
fact that they are potentially treatable and usually reversible if the causative 
agent is identified and withdrawn. A wide variety of medications used in many 
different branches of medicine have been recognised as causing muscle adverse 
effects, ranging from myalgia and asymptomatic hyperCKaemia to severe weakness 
and at times fatal rhabdomyolysis. There has been increased awareness of these 
complications since the introduction of the 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme 
A reductase inhibitor group of drugs (statins) in the 1980s, and their 
subsequent association with a range of necrotising and immune-mediated 
inflammatory myopathies and muscle symptoms. More recently, since the 
introduction of the immune checkpoint inhibitors for the treatment of advanced 
malignancies, it has been increasingly recognised that these drugs also have a 
propensity to induce or exacerbate a variety of immune-mediated myopathies, 
neuropathies, myasthenic disorders and atypical overlap syndromes, and it is 
anticipated that these complications will become even more prevalent with 
increasing use of these medications in the future. This review focusses mainly 
on these two groups of drugs, and on cytokine-based therapies and VEGF 
inhibitors which have also been implicated in the induction of immune-mediated 
inflammatory myopathies.

©2020 Gaetano Conte Academy - Mediterranean Society of Myology, Naples, Italy.

DOI: 10.36185/2532-1900-031
PMCID: PMC7783436
PMID: 33458583 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest The Author declares no 
conflict of interest


660. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2021 Jul 1;110(3):872-882. doi: 
10.1016/j.ijrobp.2021.01.011. Epub 2021 Jan 11.

Electron FLASH Delivery at Treatment Room Isocenter for Efficient Reversible 
Conversion of a Clinical LINAC.

Rahman M(1), Ashraf MR(2), Zhang R(3), Bruza P(2), Dexter CA(4), Thompson L(4), 
Cao X(2), Williams BB(3), Hoopes PJ(5), Pogue BW(5), Gladstone DJ(3).

Author information:
(1)Thayer School of Engineering, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire. 
Electronic address: Mahbubur.Rahman.th@dartmouth.edu.
(2)Thayer School of Engineering, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire.
(3)Thayer School of Engineering, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire; 
Department of Medicine, Geisel School of Medicine, Dartmouth College, Hanover, 
New Hampshire; Norris Cotton Cancer Center, Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center, 
Lebanon, New Hampshire.
(4)Norris Cotton Cancer Center, Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center, Lebanon, New 
Hampshire.
(5)Thayer School of Engineering, Dartmouth College, Hanover, New Hampshire; 
Norris Cotton Cancer Center, Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center, Lebanon, New 
Hampshire; Department of Surgery, Geisel School of Medicine, Dartmouth College, 
Hanover, New Hampshire.

Comment in
    Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2021 Jul 1;110(3):908-909. doi: 
10.1016/j.ijrobp.2021.03.046.

PURPOSE: In this study, procedures were developed to achieve efficient 
reversible conversion of a clinical linear accelerator (LINAC) and deliver 
ultrahigh-dose-rate (UHDR) electron or conventional beams to the treatment room 
isocenter for FLASH radiation therapy.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: The LINAC was converted to deliver UHDR beam within 20 
minutes by retracting the x-ray target from the beam's path, positioning the 
carousel on an empty port, and selecting 10 MV photon beam energy in the 
treatment console. Dose rate surface and depth dose profiles were measured in 
solid water phantom at different field sizes with Gafchromic film and an 
optically stimulated luminescent dosimeter (OSLD). A pulse controller counted 
the pulses via scattered radiation signal and gated the delivery for a preset 
pulse count. A fast photomultiplier tube-based Cherenkov detector measured the 
per pulse beam output at a 2-ns sampling rate. After conversion back to clinical 
mode, conventional beam output, flatness, symmetry, field size, and energy were 
measured for all clinically commissioned energies.
RESULTS: The surface average dose rates at the isocenter for 1-cm diameter and 
1.5-in diameter circular fields and for a jaws-wide-open field were 238 ± 5 
Gy/s, 262 ± 5 Gy/s, and 290 ± 5 Gy/s, respectively. The radial symmetry of the 
beams was within 2.4%, 0.5%, and 0.2%, respectively. The doses from simultaneous 
irradiation of film and OSLD were within 1%. The photomultiplier tube showed the 
LINAC required ramp up time in the first 4 to 6 pulses before the output 
stabilized, after which its stability was within 3%.
CONCLUSIONS: At the isocenter of the treatment room, 10 MeV UHDR beams were 
achieved. The beam output was reproducible but requires further investigation of 
the ramp up time, equivalent to ∼1 Gy, requiring dose monitoring. The UHDR beam 
can irradiate both small and large subjects to investigate potential FLASH 
radiobiological effects in minimally modified clinical settings, and the dose 
rate can be further increased by reducing the source-to-surface distance.

Copyright © 2021 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ijrobp.2021.01.011
PMCID: PMC10416223
PMID: 33444695 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest Statement: The authors have 
no conflict of interest.


661. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Manag Res. 2021 Jan 7;13:65-74. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S282417. eCollection 
2021.

Liver Kinase B1 (LKB1) Regulates Proliferation and Apoptosis of Non-Small Cell 
Lung Cancer A549 Cells via Targeting ERK Signaling Pathway.

Wang Y(#)(1), Yang L(#)(2), Yang Y(3), Li Y(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Yantaishan Hospital, Yantai 264000, People's 
Republic of China.
(2)Department of Tuberculosis, Shandong Provincial Chest Hospital, Jinan 250013, 
People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Respiratory and Critical Care, Shandong Provincial Chest 
Hospital, Jinan 250013, People's Republic of China.
(4)Department of Oncology, Yantai Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine, 
Yantai 264000, People's Republic of China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Cancer Manag Res. 2022 Nov 16;14:3203-3204. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S397701.

OBJECTIVE: To study the effect and potential mechanism of LKB1 on non-small cell 
lung cancer (NSCLC) A549 cells.
MATERIAL AND METHODS: A549 cells were divided into control group, LKB1 negative 
control (NC) group, LKB1 group, ERK inhibitor group and LKB1 + ERK activator 
group. Cell proliferation and apoptosis were detected by cell counting kit 
(CCK-8) assay and flow cytometry, respectively. Transwell assay was used to 
analyze the invasion ability of A549 cells. The expression of apoptosis and ERK 
signaling pathway-related proteins were studied by Western blot. Furthermore, a 
nude mouse xenograft model was constructed and treated with LKB1, ERK inhibitor 
and activator, respectively. The tumor volume and tumor weight were measured. 
Immunohistochemistry was used to test the expression of Ki-67 protein in tumor 
tissues, and TUNEL staining was used to test the apoptosis. Moreover, Western 
blot was used to detect ERK signaling pathway-related proteins in tumor tissues.
RESULTS: Compared with control and NC groups, cell proliferation and invasion 
were inhibited in ERK inhibitor and LKB1 groups, while apoptosis and 
apoptosis-related proteins were increased (p < 0.05). Further study showed that 
ERK activator can reverse the effect of LKB1 in A549 cells. In nude mice, ERK 
inhibitor and LKB1 can reduce cell tumorigenicity and inhibit proliferation. 
Apoptosis was increased by ERK inhibitor and LKB1 treatment. Western blot showed 
that LKB1 and ERK inhibitor could reduce the protein expression of p-ERK1/2. 
However, the indicators above were the opposite in the ERK activator group.
CONCLUSION: LKB1 overexpression can inhibit proliferation and promote apoptosis 
of NSCLC A549 cells, and its mechanism may be related to inhibition of the ERK 
signaling pathway.

© 2021 Wang et al.

DOI: 10.2147/CMAR.S282417
PMCID: PMC7800458
PMID: 33442295

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declared no conflicts of interest.


662. Plast Reconstr Surg Glob Open. 2020 Dec 2;8(12):e3226. doi: 
10.1097/GOX.0000000000003226. eCollection 2020 Dec.

Tip of the Tongue Reconstruction with Prelaminated Fasciomucosal Radial Forearm 
Free Flap.

De Santis G(1), Mattioli F(2), Pinelli M(1), Martone A(2), Starnoni M(1), Fermi 
M(2), Presutti L(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, University Hospital of 
Modena, Largo del Pozzo, 71, Modena, Italy.
(2)Department of Otorhinolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery, University Hospital 
of Modena, Largo del Pozzo, 71, Modena, Italy.

Tongue cancer is the most common malignant neoplasm of the oral cavity. 
Occurrence in the tip of the tongue (TOT) is rare. We describe a case report of 
a TOT tumor excision and reconstruction with a prelaminated fasciomucosal radial 
forearm free flap. A 41-year-old white man was referred to our department for a 
squamous cell carcinoma of the tip of the tongue. The patient worked as an air 
traffic control official; therefore, conservation of speech intelligibility, 
both in Italian and English language, was of paramount importance. A transoral 
excision of TOT, bilateral selective neck dissection, and reconstruction with 
prelaminated fasciomucosal radial forearm free flap were performed. Adjuvant 
radiotherapy was necessary. The patient was completely re-established as an air 
traffic control officer. Successful tongue reconstruction of smaller defects 
depends on thinness, pliability of flap, and conservation of tongue mobility. 
Surgical options for TOT reconstruction are facial artery muscolomucosa flap, 
Zhao flap, radial forearm free flap, or primary suture. In the authors' opinion, 
a fasciomucosal prelaminated RFFF offers a series of advantages for TOT 
reconstruction. The absence of subcutaneous tissue makes the PFRFFF much thinner 
than fascio-cutaneous flaps. Compared with mucosal loco-regional flaps, 
prelaminated flaps allow the preservation of oral mucosa lining while providing 
adequate bulk and reduced scar formation for optimal func- tional recovery. In 
our case report, the fasciomucosal flap allowed an adequate reconstruction of 
TOT volume with good functional and aesthetic outcomes. The flap's added bulk 
and its minimal scar retraction granted free tongue movement and optimal speech 
intelligibility.

Copyright © 2020 The Authors. Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. on behalf 
of The American Society of Plastic Surgeons.

DOI: 10.1097/GOX.0000000000003226
PMCID: PMC7787281
PMID: 33425574

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure: The authors have no financial 
interest to declare in relation to the content of this article.


663. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Rep. 2021 Jan 8;11(1):256. doi: 10.1038/s41598-020-80428-5.

Gamma-radiated immunosuppressed tumor xenograft mice can be a new ideal model in 
cancer research.

Khodayari H(#)(1)(2), Khodayari S(#)(2)(3), Khalighfard S(3), Tahmasebifar A(4), 
Tajaldini M(4), Poorkhani A(4), Nikoueinejad H(5), Hamidi GA(1), Nosrati H(2), 
Kalhori MR(6), Alizadeh AM(7)(8).

Author information:
(1)Physiology Research Center, Kashan University of Medical Sciences, Kashan, 
Iran.
(2)Radiation Oncology Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran.
(3)Cancer Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(4)Ischemic Disorder Center, Golestan University of Medical Sciences, Gorgan, 
Iran.
(5)Nephrology and Urology Research Center, Baqiyatallah University of Medical 
Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(6)Medical Biology Research Center, Kermanshah University of Medical Sciences, 
Kermanshah, Iran.
(7)Cancer Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran. 
aalizadeh@sina.tums.ac.ir.
(8)Breast Disease Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran. aalizadeh@sina.tums.ac.ir.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Sci Rep. 2023 Nov 15;13(1):19952. doi: 10.1038/s41598-023-46583-1.

Tumor xenograft models can create a high capacity to study human tumors and 
discover efficient therapeutic approaches. Here, we aimed to develop the 
gamma-radiated immunosuppressed (GIS) mice as a new kind of tumor xenograft 
model for biomedical studies. First, 144 mice were divided into the control and 
treated groups exposed by a medical Cobalt-60 apparatus in 3, 4, and 5 Gy based 
on the system outputs. Then, 144 BALB/c mice were divided into four groups; 
healthy, xenograft, radiation, and radiation + xenograft groups. The animals in 
the xenograft and radiation + xenograft groups have subcutaneously received 
3 × 106 MCF-7 cells 24 h post-radiation. On 3, 7, 14, and 21 days after cell 
injection, the animals were sacrificed. Then, the blood samples and the spleen 
and tumor tissues were removed for the cellular and molecular analyses. The 
whole-body gamma radiation had a high immunosuppressive effect on the BALB/c 
mice from 1 to 21 days post-radiation. The macroscopic and histopathological 
observations have proved that the created clusters' tumor structure resulted in 
the xenograft breast tumor. There was a significant increase in tumor size after 
cell injection until the end of the study. Except for Treg, the spleen level of 
CD4, CD8, CD19, and Ly6G was significantly decreased in Xen + Rad compared to 
the Xen alone group on 3 and 7 days. Unlike IL-4 and IL-10, the spleen level of 
TGF-β, INF-γ, IL-12, and IL-17 was considerably decreased in the Xen + Rad than 
the Xen alone group on 3 and 7 days. The spleen expressions of the VEGF, Ki67, 
and Bax/Bcl-2 ratio were dramatically increased in the Xen + Rad group compared 
to the Xen alone on 3, 7, 14, and 21 days. Our results could confirm a new tumor 
xenograft model via an efficient immune-suppressive potential of the whole-body 
gamma radiation in mice.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-020-80428-5
PMCID: PMC7794493
PMID: 33420261 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


664. Adv Exp Med Biol. 2021;1269:C3. doi: 10.1007/978-3-030-48238-1_64.

Retraction Note to: The Warburg Effect: Historical Dogma Versus Current 
Rationale.

Vaupel P(1), Multhoff G(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Tumor Pathophysiology Group, University 
Medical Center, Mainz, Germany.
(2)Center for Translational Cancer Research, Klinikum rechts der Isar, Technical 
University Munich, Munich, Germany.

Retraction of
    Adv Exp Med Biol. 2021;1269:169-177. doi: 10.1007/978-3-030-48238-1_27.

DOI: 10.1007/978-3-030-48238-1_64
PMID: 36622582


665. Oper Neurosurg (Hagerstown). 2021 Apr 15;20(5):E356. doi: 10.1093/ons/opaa421.

Minimally Invasive Tubular Separation Surgery for Metastatic Spinal Cord 
Compression: 2-Dimensional Operative Video.

De la Garza Ramos R(1)(2), Echt M(1)(2), Gelfand Y(1)(2), Yanamadala V(1)(2), 
Yassari R(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Spine Research Group, Montefiore Medical Center/Albert Einstein College of 
Medicine, Bronx, New York.
(2)Department of Neurological Surgery, Montefiore Medical Center/Albert Einstein 
College of Medicine, Bronx, New York.

Comment in
    Oper Neurosurg (Hagerstown). 2021 Apr 15;20(5):E357-E358. doi: 
10.1093/ons/opaa438.

Symptomatic cord compression affects approximately 20% of patients with spinal 
metastatic disease. Direct decompressive surgery followed by conventional 
radiation was shown to be superior to radiation alone in a landmark trial 
published in 2005.1 For radioresistant tumors causing high-grade compression, 
however, "separation surgery" followed by stereotactic body radiation therapy 
was developed. The main goal of this newer technique is to decompress and create 
a distance between the spinal cord and tumor to allow for safe delivery of 
radiation.2 This technique has shown to provide durable local tumor control, 
pain relief, and preservation of neurological function.3,4 In this study, we 
describe a minimally invasive tubular separation surgery technique used to treat 
symptomatic cord compression in a 59-yr-old man with metastatic prostate 
adenocarcinoma to T9. The patient presented with acute motor weakness and 
sensory level. A tubular retraction system was used to dock over the pedicle at 
T9 bilaterally and a posterior decompression with ligamentectomy was first 
performed. This was followed by transpedicular decompression and ventral removal 
of the posterior longitudinal ligament. Space was created between the ventral 
tumor and spinal cord to allow for postoperative stereotactic body radiation. 
The patient had a significant improvement in his strength and gait 
postoperatively. Patient consent was obtained for videotaping prior to surgical 
intervention.

© Congress of Neurological Surgeons 2020.

DOI: 10.1093/ons/opaa421
PMID: 33377155 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


666. Exp Eye Res. 2021 Feb;203:108416. doi: 10.1016/j.exer.2020.108416. Epub 2020 Dec 
24.

Automated segmentation and analysis of retinal microglia within ImageJ.

Ash NF(1), Massengill MT(1), Harmer L(1), Jafri A(1), Lewin AS(2).

Author information:
(1)University of Florida Department of Molecular Genetics and Microbiology, Box 
100266 Gainesville, FL, 32610, USA.
(2)University of Florida Department of Molecular Genetics and Microbiology, Box 
100266 Gainesville, FL, 32610, USA. Electronic address: lewin@ufl.edu.

Microglia are immune cells of the central nervous system capable of distinct 
phenotypic changes and migration in response to injury. These changes most 
notably include the retraction of fine dendritic structures and adoption of a 
globular, phagocytic morphology. Due to their characteristic responses, 
microglia frequently act as histological indicators of injury progression. While 
algorithms seeking to automate microglia counts and morphological analysis are 
becoming increasingly popular, few exist that are adequate for use within the 
retina and manual analysis remains prevalent. To address this, we propose a 
novel segmentation routine, implemented within FIJI-ImageJ, to perform automated 
segmentation and cell counting of retinal microglia. We show that our routine 
could perform cell counts with accuracy similar to manual observers using the 
I307N Rho model. Tracking cell position relative to retinal vasculature, we 
observed population migration towards the photoreceptor layer beginning 12 h 
post light damage. Using feature selection with Chi2 and principal component 
analysis, we resolved cells along a morphological gradient, demonstrating that 
extracted features were sufficiently descriptive to capture subtle morphological 
changes within cell populations in I307N Rho and Balb/c TLR2-/- retinal 
degeneration models. Taken together, we introduce a novel automated routine 
capable of efficient image processing and segmentation. Using data retrieved 
following segmentation, we perform morphological analysis simultaneously on 
whole populations of cells, rather than individually. Our algorithm was built 
entirely with open-source software, for use on retinal microglia.

Published by Elsevier Ltd.

DOI: 10.1016/j.exer.2020.108416
PMCID: PMC7867634
PMID: 33359513 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


667. Ultrasound Med Biol. 2021 Mar;47(3):733-750. doi: 
10.1016/j.ultrasmedbio.2020.11.029. Epub 2020 Dec 24.

Plasma Membrane Blebbing Dynamics Involved in the Reversibly Perforated Cell by 
Ultrasound-Driven Microbubbles.

Jia C(1), Shi J(1), Yao Yao(2), Han T(1), Yu ACH(3), Qin P(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Instrument Science and Engineering, Shanghai Jiao Tong 
University, Shanghai, China.
(2)Regenerative Bioscience Center, University of Georgia, Athens, Georgia, USA.
(3)Schlegel Research Institute for Aging, University of Waterloo, Waterloo, ON, 
Canada.
(4)Department of Instrument Science and Engineering, Shanghai Jiao Tong 
University, Shanghai, China. Electronic address: pqin@sjtu.edu.cn.

The perforation of plasma membrane by ultrasound-driven microbubbles (i.e., 
sonoporation) provides a temporary window for transporting macromolecules into 
the cytoplasm that is promising with respect to drug delivery and gene therapy. 
To improve the efficacy of delivery while ensuring biosafety, membrane resealing 
and cell recovery are required to help sonoporated cells defy membrane injury 
and regain their normal function. Blebs are found to accompany the recovery of 
sonoporated cells. However, the spatiotemporal characteristics of blebs and the 
underlying mechanisms remain unclear. With a customized platform for ultrasound 
exposure and 2-D/3-D live single-cell imaging, localized membrane perforation 
was induced with ultrasound-driven microbubbles, and the cellular responses were 
monitored using multiple fluorescent probes. The results indicated that 
localized blebs undergoing four phases (nucleation, expansion, pausing and 
retraction) on a time scale of tens of seconds to minutes were specifically 
involved in the reversibly sonoporated cells. The blebs spatially correlated 
with the membrane perforation site and temporally lagged (about tens of seconds 
to minutes) the resealing of perforated membrane. Their diameter (about several 
microns) and lifetime (about tens of seconds to minutes) positively correlated 
with the degree of sonoporation. Further studies revealed that intracellular 
calcium transients might be an upstream signal for triggering blebbing 
nucleation; exocytotic lysosomes not only contributed to resealing of the 
perforated membrane, but also to the increasing bleb volume during expansion; 
and actin components accumulation facilitated bleb retraction. These results 
provide new insight into the short-term strategies that the sonoporated cell 
employs to recover on membrane perforation and to remodel membrane structure and 
a biophysical foundation for sonoporation-based therapy.

Copyright © 2020 World Federation for Ultrasound in Medicine & Biology. All 
rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ultrasmedbio.2020.11.029
PMID: 33358511 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest disclosure The authors have 
no conflicts of interest to declare.


668. Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2020 Dec;24(23):12575-12578. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202012_24054.

Age-stratified analysis of SARS-CoV-2 infection and case fatality rate in China, 
Italy, and South Korea.

Liu JQ(1), Xu JW, Sun CY, Wang JN, Wang XT, Chen X, Gao SL.

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengzhou, P.R. China. liang.gao@uni-saarland.de.

OBJECTIVE: We aimed to compare the characteristics of coronavirus disease 
(COVID-19), caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 
(SARS-CoV-2) in China, Italy, and South Korea.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Detailed national epidemiological information of COVID-19 
was retracted from the latest statistics reports from China, Italy, and South 
Korea. Population-based analysis of the age distribution among confirmed cases 
was conducted and their crude case fatality ratio in each c RESULTS: The age 
distributions among COVID-19 cases were relatively similar between China and 
Italy with primarily elderly populations infected, which were considerably 
different from that in South Korea with primarily younger individuals infected. 
Most deaths occurred among elderly individuals who were older than 60 years in 
both Italy (98.0%) and South Korea (87.9%), consistent with the previous data 
from China (81.0%).
CONCLUSIONS: Most deaths occurred among elderly individuals who were over 60 in 
China, Italy, and South Korea. South Korea's data suggest that younger 
individuals might be more susceptible to SARS-CoV-2 infection, which might be 
fully under detected in China and Italy.

DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_202012_24054
PMID: 33336777 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


669. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Manag Res. 2020 Dec 10;12:12697-12708. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S277113. 
eCollection 2020.

Long Noncoding RNA LINC01426 Sequesters microRNA-519d-5p to Promote Non-Small 
Cell Lung Cancer Progression by Increasing ETS1 Expression.

Dai J(1), Wang B(2), Zhao Y(1), Zuo X(1), Cui H(1), Chen X(2), Liu X(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Jilin Cancer Hospital, Changchun, Jilin 130000, 
People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Jilin Cancer Hospital, Changchun, Jilin 130000, 
People's Republic of China.

Retraction in
    Cancer Manag Res. 2023 Jan 28;15:99-100. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S405931.

Expression of concern in
    Cancer Manag Res. 2021 Oct 20;13:7963-7964. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S344584.

PURPOSE: Recent studies have identified important roles for long intergenic 
non-protein coding RNA 1426 (LINC01426) in glioma and clear cell renal cell 
carcinoma. The present study evaluated the expression profile of LINC01426 in 
non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) tissues and cell lines. Furthermore, the 
function of LINC01426 in NSCLC and the molecular mechanisms involved were 
extensively studied.
METHODS: The abundance of LINC01426 in NSCLC tissues and cell lines was 
determined using quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. 
The cell counting kit-8 assay, flow cytometry, transwell experiments for 
migration and invasion, and xenograft tumor model were used to assess the 
function of LINC01426 in NSCLC cells. Mechanistic studies were performed using 
the luciferase reporter assay and RNA immunoprecipitation.
RESULTS: Significant LINC01426 upregulation was observed in NSCLC tissues and 
cell lines. Silencing LINC01426 inhibited proliferation, migration, and invasion 
of NSCLC cells and facilitated cell apoptosis in vitro. Furthermore, 
interference of LINC01426 restricted tumor growth of NSCLC cells in vivo. In 
addition, LINC01426 showed the ability to directly bind to microRNA-519d-5p 
(miR-519d-5p) and act as a molecular sponge for miR-519d-5p in NSCLC cells. 
Furthermore, the ETS proto-oncogene 1 (ETS1) was identified as a direct target 
of miR-519d-5p and LINC01426 could indirectly upregulate ETS1 expression by 
sponging miR-519d-5p. Moreover, the cancer-inhibiting activities of LINC01426 
knockdown in NSCLC cells were partially offset by miR-519d-5p inhibition.
CONCLUSION: LINC01426 increases ETS1 expression by sequestering miR-519d-5p, 
thereby aggravating the malignant progression of NSCLC. The 
LINC01426/miR-519d-5p/ETS1 competing endogenous RNA pathway may provide a target 
for designing therapeutic agents for NSCLC treatment.

© 2020 Dai et al.

DOI: 10.2147/CMAR.S277113
PMCID: PMC7736839
PMID: 33335425

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest for 
this work.


670. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2021 Apr 1;109(5):1311-1324. doi: 
10.1016/j.ijrobp.2020.12.005. Epub 2020 Dec 13.

Intensity Modulated Radiation Therapy (IMRT) With Simultaneously Integrated 
Boost Shortens Treatment Time and Is Noninferior to Conventional Radiation 
Therapy Followed by Sequential Boost in Adjuvant Breast Cancer Treatment: 
Results of a Large Randomized Phase III Trial (IMRT-MC2 Trial).

Hörner-Rieber J(1), Forster T(2), Hommertgen A(2), Haefner MF(2), Arians N(2), 
König L(2), Harrabi SB(2), Schlampp I(2), Weykamp F(2), Lischalk JW(3), Heinrich 
V(4), Weidner N(4), Hüsing J(5), Sohn C(6), Heil J(6), Hof H(7), Krug D(8), 
Debus J(9).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Heidelberg University Hospital, Heidelberg, 
Germany; Heidelberg Institute of Radiation Oncology, Heidelberg, Germany; 
National Center for Tumor Diseases, Heidelberg, Germany; Clinical Cooperation 
Unit Radiation Oncology, German Cancer Research Center, Heidelberg, Germany. 
Electronic address: juliane.hoerner-rieber@med.uni-heidelberg.de.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Heidelberg University Hospital, Heidelberg, 
Germany; Heidelberg Institute of Radiation Oncology, Heidelberg, Germany; 
National Center for Tumor Diseases, Heidelberg, Germany.
(3)Perlmutter Cancer Center, Lagone Medical Center, New York University, New 
York, New York.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Eberhard-Karls-University Tuebingen, 
Tuebingen, Germany.
(5)Division of Biostatistics, Coordination Centre for Clinical Trials, 
University of Heidelberg, Heidelberg, Germany.
(6)Department of Gynecology and Obstetrics, University of Heidelberg, 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(7)Strahlentherapie Rhein-Pfalz, Neustadt, Germany.
(8)Department of Radiation Oncology, Heidelberg University Hospital, Heidelberg, 
Germany; Heidelberg Institute of Radiation Oncology, Heidelberg, Germany; 
National Center for Tumor Diseases, Heidelberg, Germany; Department of Radiation 
Oncology, University Hospital Schleswig Holstein, Kiel, Germany.
(9)Department of Radiation Oncology, Heidelberg University Hospital, Heidelberg, 
Germany; Heidelberg Institute of Radiation Oncology, Heidelberg, Germany; 
National Center for Tumor Diseases, Heidelberg, Germany; Clinical Cooperation 
Unit Radiation Oncology, German Cancer Research Center, Heidelberg, Germany; 
Heidelberg Ion-Beam Therapy Center, Department of Radiation Oncology, Heidelberg 
University Hospital, Heidelberg, Germany; German Cancer Consortium, partner site 
Heidelberg, Germany.

PURPOSE: In the modern era, improvements in radiation therapy techniques have 
paved the way for simultaneous integrated boost irradiation in adjuvant breast 
radiation therapy after breast conservation surgery. Nevertheless, randomized 
trials supporting the noninferiority of this treatment to historical standards 
of care approach are lacking.
METHODS: A prospective, multicenter, randomized phase 3 trial (NCT01322854) was 
performed to analyze noninferiority of conventional fractionated intensity 
modulated radiation therapy with simultaneous integrated boost (IMRT-SIB) to 3-D 
conformal radiation therapy with sequential boost (3-D-CRT-seqB) for breast 
cancer patients. Primary outcomes were local control (LC) rates at 2 and 5 years 
(noninferiority margin at hazard ratio [HR] of 3.5) as well as cosmetic results 
6 weeks and 2 years after radiation therapy (evaluated via photo documentation 
calculating the relative breast retraction assessment [pBRA] score 
[noninferiority margin of 1.25]).
RESULTS: A total of 502 patients were randomly assigned from 2011 to 2015. After 
a median follow-up of 5.1 years, the 2-year LC for the IMRT-SIB arm was 
noninferior to the 3-D-CRT-seqB arm (99.6% vs 99.6%, respectively; HR, 0.602; 
95% CI, 0.123-2.452; P = .487). In addition, noninferiority was also shown for 
cosmesis after IMRT-SIB and 3-D-CRT-seqB at both 6 weeks (median pBRA, 9.1% vs 
9.1%) and 2 years (median pBRA, 10.4% vs 9.8%) after radiation therapy (95% CI, 
-0.317 to 0.107 %; P = .332). Cosmetic assessment according to the Harvard scale 
by both the patient and the treating physician as well as late-toxicity 
evaluation with the late effects normal tissues- subjective, objective, 
management, analytic criteria, a score for the evaluation of long-term adverse 
effects in normal tissue, revealed no significant differences between treatment 
arms. In addition, there was no difference in overall survival rates (99.6% vs 
99.6%; HR, 3.281; 95% CI: -0.748 to 22.585; P = .148) for IMRT-SIB and 
3-D-CRT-seqB, respectively.
CONCLUSIONS: To our knowledge, this is the first prospective trial reporting the 
noninferiority of IMRT-SIB versus 3-D-CRT-seqB with respect to cosmesis and LC 
at 2 years of follow-up. This treatment regimen considerably shortens adjuvant 
radiation therapy times without compromising clinical outcomes.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ijrobp.2020.12.005
PMID: 33321192 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


671. J Sep Sci. 2021 Feb;44(4):870-878. doi: 10.1002/jssc.202001092. Epub 2021 Jan 
15.

Continuous-flow microwave-assisted extraction coupled with online single drop 
microextraction prior to GC-MS for determination of amide herbicides in rice 
samples.

Wu L(1), Li Z(2).

Author information:
(1)College of Chinese Materia Medica, Tianjin University of Traditional Chinese 
Medicine, Jinghai District, Tianjin, P. R. China.
(2)College of Food Science and Technology, Henan Agricultural University, 
Zhengzhou, P. R. China.

A rapid method based on continuous-flow microwave-assisted extraction and online 
single drop microextraction was first developed and applied to the determination 
of amide herbicides in rice. The present method has the advantages of both 
continuous-flow microwave-assisted extraction and online single drop 
microextraction, which combines extraction, separation, preconcentration, and 
sample introduction in one step. By continuous-flow microwave-assisted 
extraction, analytes were first extracted from the rice samples using 15% 
methanol-water, and then concentrated into single drop. The microdrop was 
retracted into microsyringe and directly analyzed by gas chromatography with 
mass spectrometry without any filtration or clean-up process. The method greatly 
simplifies the sample treatment procedure, reduces consumption of toxic organic 
solvent, and extends the application of single drop microextraction to complex 
solid samples. Several parameters were optimized by Box-Behnken design. Under 
optimal experimental conditions, good linearity was observed in the range of 
2.0-500.0 μg/kg. The limits of detection and quantification were in the range of 
0.3-1.5 and 1.1-5.1 μg/kg, respectively. The intra- and inter-day precisions 
were between 1.9 and 4.8%. The present method was used to the analysis of real 
rice samples, and the recoveries of analytes were between 80.3 and 102.3% with 
the relative standard deviations ranging from 1.1 to 6.9%.

© 2021 Wiley-VCH GmbH.

DOI: 10.1002/jssc.202001092
PMID: 33305452 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


672. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2020 Dec 1;13:12383-12395. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S279951. 
eCollection 2020.

CCNB1 Expedites the Progression of Cervical Squamous Cell Carcinoma via the 
Regulation by FOXM1.

Li S(1), Liu N(2), Piao J(1), Meng F(3), Li Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department 1 of Gynecological Oncology, Jilin Cancer Hospital, Changchun 
130012, Jilin, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Gynecology and Oncology, The Second Hospital of Jilin 
University, Changchun 130041, Jilin, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Jilin Cancer Hospital, Changchun 130012, Jilin, 
People's Republic of China.

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2022 Oct 20;15:1255-1256. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S393898.

BACKGROUND: Cervical squamous cell carcinoma (CSCC) is responsible for 80-85% of 
cervical cancer. Cyclin B1 (CCNB1) represents a hub gene during the development 
of cervical cancer. However, the oncogenic role of CCNB1 in CSCC remains 
unclear. Our study aims to explore the mechanism underlying CCNB1 regulation on 
cell cycle progression in CSCC cells.
METHODS: First, we analyzed differentially expressed genes from CSCC dataset 
GSE63678 and conducted gene function enrichment analysis. Subsequently, CCNB1 
expression was knocked down in CSCC cell lines to assess cell proliferation, 
apoptosis, and cell cycle distribution. After the validation of the binding 
relationship between forkhead box protein M1 (FOXM1) and the promoter of CCNB1, 
the effect of FOXM1 on CCNB1 expression and on CSCC cell growth and apoptosis 
was verified. We further analyzed the histone ChIP-Seq data of CCNB1 in CSCC 
cells and measured the acetylation levels of the CCNB1 promoter histones.
RESULTS: CCNB1 was overexpressed in CSCC tissues and cells, and CCNB1 silencing 
inhibited the growth of CSCC cells, and promoted cell cycle arrest and 
apoptosis. FOXM1 potentiated CCNB1 transcription by binding to its promoter and 
recruiting CBP/P300, a histone acetyltransferase. Further increasing FOXM1 
expression or increasing P300 activity in CSCC cells with CCNB1 knockdown 
elevated CCNB1 expression and proliferation and cell cycle progression of CSCC 
cells. Knockdown of CCNB1 activated the p53 pathway in cells.
CONCLUSION: FOXM1 inhibited the activation of the p53 pathway by recruiting 
CBP/P300, which promoted the transcription of CCNB1, resulting in the growth and 
cell cycle progression of CSCC cells.

© 2020 Li et al.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S279951
PMCID: PMC7721124
PMID: 33299327

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


673. Transfusion. 2021 Jan;61(1):167-177. doi: 10.1111/trf.16096. Epub 2020 Dec 8.

Effects of Intercept pathogen reduction treatment on extended cold storage of 
apheresis platelets.

Agey A(1), Reddoch-Cardenas K(2), McIntosh C(2), Sharma U(2), Cantu C(2), Cap 
A(2), Bynum J(2).

Author information:
(1)George Washington University, Washington, District of Columbia, USA.
(2)Coagulation and Blood Research Program, U.S. Army Institute of Surgical 
Research, Fort Sam Houston, Texas, USA.

BACKGROUND: Platelets pose the greatest transfusion-transmitted infectious risk 
among blood products. Refrigeration of platelets can mitigate bacterial 
contamination and extend platelet shelf life. Implementation of pathogen 
reduction technologies (PRTs) at blood banks has become increasingly popular to 
protect against emerging and reemerging infectious diseases. In this study, we 
sought to evaluate the effects of Intercept PRT on platelets collected on 
different platforms and cold-stored for up to 21 days in plasma and platelet 
additive solution (PAS).
METHODS: Double-dose apheresis platelets were collected with use of a Trima or 
Amicus system into either 100% plasma or 65% InterSol PAS/35% plasma and split 
equally between two bags. One bag served as control, while the other received 
Intercept PRT treatment. Bags were stored unagitated in the cold and evaluated 
on Days 1, 7, 14, and 21 to assess platelet metabolism, activation, aggregation, 
and clot formation and retraction.
RESULTS: By Day 14 of storage, lactate levels reached approximately 13 mmol/L 
for all samples irrespective of Intercept treatment. Mean clot firmness dropped 
from the 62.2- to 67.5-mm range (Day 1) to the 28.4- to 51.3-mm range (Day 21), 
with no differences observed between groups. Clot weights of Intercept-treated 
Trima/plasma samples were significantly higher than control by Day 14 of storage 
(P = .004), indicating a reduced clot retraction function. Intercept treatment 
caused a higher incidence of plasma membrane breakdown in plasma-stored 
platelets (P = .0013; Trima/plasma Day 14 Control vs Intercept).
CONCLUSIONS: Intercept treatment of platelets and subsequent cold storage, in 
plasma or PAS, results in comparable platelet metabolism platelets for up to 
14 days of storage but altered clotting dynamics. Pathogen-reduced platelets 
with an extended shelf life would be beneficial for the deployed setting and 
would greatly impact transfusion practice among civilian transfusion centers.

© 2020 AABB.

DOI: 10.1111/trf.16096
PMID: 33295030 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


674. J Therm Biol. 2020 Dec;94:102747. doi: 10.1016/j.jtherbio.2020.102747. Epub 2020 
Oct 5.

Radiated temperature from thermal imaging is related to feed consumption, growth 
rate and feed efficiency in grower pigs.

Cook N(1), Chabot B(2), Liu T(2), Froehlich D(3), Basarab J(3), Juarez M(2).

Author information:
(1)Alberta Agriculture and Forestry, Lacombe Research and Development Centre, 
6000 C&E Trail, Alberta, T4L 1W1, Canada. Electronic address: 
nigel.cook@gov.ab.ca.
(2)Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, Lacombe Research and Development Centre, 
6000 C&E Trail, Alberta, T4L 1W1, Canada.
(3)Alberta Agriculture and Forestry, Lacombe Research and Development Centre, 
6000 C&E Trail, Alberta, T4L 1W1, Canada.

Individual feed consumption and animal weight were continuously recorded in 
grower pigs using an automated feeding system. Infrared images were recorded 
each time a pig entered the feeding system and infrared thermography provided 
radiated thermal measurements of the dorsal surface of each animal. Feed was 
withdrawn and the animals fasted for a period of 24 h three times during the 
growth of the animals at body weights of approximately 35, 65 and 105 kg. There 
was a significant reduction of 0.28 °C in the maximum surface temperature 
(Tmax), and 0.48 °C in the average surface temperature (Tmean) during the 
periods of fasting. Maximum and average pig temperatures exhibited negative 
correlations to feed consumption and growth variables. There were negative 
correlations of residual feed intake (RFI) to Tmax and Tmean radiated 
temperatures. There were positive correlations of residual gain (RG) and 
residual intake and gain (RIG) with Tmax and Tmean. The Tmax and Tmean 
temperature responses to fasting were negatively associated with feed 
consumption and growth variables. Absolute temperature and temperature response 
variables were positively associated with RFI and negatively associated with 
residual intake and gain (RIG). These findings provide support for the concept 
of radiated heat losses as a measure of metabolic activity and a predictor of 
growth performance.

Crown Copyright © 2020. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jtherbio.2020.102747
PMID: 33292988 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


675. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Cell Int. 2020 Dec 1;20(1):554. doi: 10.1186/s12935-020-01654-5.

LncRNA SNHG12 regulates the radiosensitivity of cervical cancer through the 
miR-148a/CDK1 pathway.

Wang C(#)(1), Shao S(#)(2), Deng L(3), Wang S(1), Zhang Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Huaihe Hospital of Henan University, 
No.8 Baogonghu North Road, Kaifeng, 475000, Henan, China.
(2)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Huaihe Hospital of Henan University, 
No.8 Baogonghu North Road, Kaifeng, 475000, Henan, China. rtwimd@163.com.
(3)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, The Second Affiliated Hospital of 
Guangxi Medical University, Nanning, Guangxi, China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Cancer Cell Int. 2022 Jun 9;22(1):210. doi: 10.1186/s12935-022-02628-5.

BACKGROUND: Radiation resistance is a major obstacle to the prognosis of 
cervical cancer (CC) patients. Many studies have confirmed that long non-coding 
RNAs (lncRNAs) are involved in the regulation of radiosensitivity of cancers. 
However, whether small nucleolar RNA host gene 12 (SNHG12) regulates the 
radiosensitivity of CC remains unknown.
METHODS: Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction was used to measure 
the expression levels of SNHG12 and microRNA-148a (miR-148a). The 
radiosensitivity of cells was evaluated by clonogenic assay. Flow cytometry and 
caspase-3 activity assay were performed to assess the apoptosis ability and cell 
cycle distribution of cells. Besides, dual-luciferase reporter and RNA 
immunoprecipitation assay were used to verify the interaction between miR-148a 
and SNHG12 or cyclin-dependent kinase 1 (CDK1). Also, the protein levels of 
CDK1, CCND1 and γ-H2AX were detected by western blot analysis. Furthermore, in 
vivo experiments were conducted to verify the effect of SNHG12 on CC tumor 
growth. Ki-67 and TUNEL staining were employed to evaluate the proliferation and 
apoptosis rates in vivo. The hematoxylin and eosin (HE) staining were employed 
to evaluate the tumor cell morphology.
RESULTS: SNHG12 was upregulated in CC tissues and cells, and its knockdown 
improved the radiosensitivity by promoting the radiation-induced apoptosis and 
cell cycle arrest of CC cells. Also, miR-148a could be sponged by SNHG12 and 
could target CDK1. MiR-148a inhibitor or CDK1 overexpression could invert the 
promotion effect of silenced-SNHG12 on CC radiosensitivity. Meanwhile, SNHG12 
interference reduced the tumor growth of CC, increased miR-148a expression, and 
inhibited CDK1 level in vivo.
CONCLUSION: LncRNA SNHG12 promoted CDK1 expression to regulate the sensitivity 
of CC cells to radiation through sponging miR-148a, indicating that SNHG12 could 
be used as a potential biomarker to treat the radiotherapy resistance of CC 
patients.

DOI: 10.1186/s12935-020-01654-5
PMCID: PMC7708190
PMID: 33292254

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interest.


676. Environ Res. 2021 Feb;193:110582. doi: 10.1016/j.envres.2020.110582. Epub 2020 
Dec 5.

Ethical failings: The problematic history of cancer risk assessment.

Calabrese EJ(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Environmental Sciences, University of Massachusetts, Amherst, 
MA, 01003, USA. Electronic address: edwardc@schoolph.umass.edu.

This paper demonstrates that unethical conduct by the US National Academy of 
Sciences (NAS) Biological Effects of Atomic Radiation (BEAR) I Genetics Panel 
led to their recommendation of the Linear Non-Threshold (LNT) Model for 
radiation risk assessment and its subsequent adoption by the US and the world 
community. The analysis, which is based largely on preserved communications of 
the US NAS Genetics Panel members, reveals that Panel members and their 
administrative leadership at the NAS displayed an integrated series of unethical 
actions designed to ensure, (1) the acceptance of the LNT and (2) funding to 
radiation geneticist panel members and professional colleagues. These findings 
are significant because major public policies in open democracies, such as 
cancer risk assessment and other issues impacted by public fears of radiation or 
chemical exposures, require ethical foundations. Recognition of these ethical 
failures of the BEAR I Genetics Panel should require a high level 
administrative, legislative and scientific reassessment of the scientific 
foundations of cancer risk assessment, with the likely result necessitating 
revision of current policies and practices. The BEAR I Genetics Panel, 1956 
Science journal publication should immediately be retracted because it contains 
deliberate misrepresentations of the scientific record that were designed to 
manipulate scientific and public opinion on radiation risk assessment in a 
dishonest manner.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.envres.2020.110582
PMID: 33290793 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


677. Anal Chim Acta. 2021 Jan 15;1142:179-188. doi: 10.1016/j.aca.2020.11.002. Epub 
2020 Nov 5.

Impact of weathering on the chemical identification of microplastics from usual 
packaging polymers in the marine environment.

Fernández-González V(1), Andrade-Garda JM(1), López-Mahía P(1), 
Muniategui-Lorenzo S(2).

Author information:
(1)Grupo Química Analítica Aplicada (QANAP), Instituto Universitario de Medio 
Ambiente (IUMA), Centro de Investigaciones Científicas Avanzadas (CICA), 
Universidade da Coruña, 15071A, Coruña, Spain.
(2)Grupo Química Analítica Aplicada (QANAP), Instituto Universitario de Medio 
Ambiente (IUMA), Centro de Investigaciones Científicas Avanzadas (CICA), 
Universidade da Coruña, 15071A, Coruña, Spain. Electronic address: 
soledad.muniategui@udc.es.

Most of the plastics produced worldwide are finally disposed into the 
environment, most of them being one-use plastic packaging. Once released, 
plastics may undergone degradation through several agents, such as solar 
radiation, mechanical forces, and microbial action. Weathered plastics and 
microplastics (MPs) collected from the marine environment show considerable 
physical and chemical differences regarding their pristine counterparts; most 
notably on their surface, where spectrometric measurements are done. Hence, it 
is crucial to consider aging for their correct identification and quantification 
in environmental monitoring. Five of the most common polymers employed worldwide 
for packaging (LDPE, HDPE, PS, PP and PET) were weathered in a pilot-scale 
system simulating dry and marine conditions for more than 10 weeks. Aliquots 
were withdrawn periodically to monitor their weathering processes by means of 
infrared spectrometry and scanning electron microscopy; their spectra were 
compared and band ratios calculated. Results showed that an individual study of 
each polymer is necessary since degradation pathways and products depend on the 
polymer type. Moreover, including spectra of weathered polymers in the spectral 
libraries to obtain reliable identifications in microplastics pollution studies 
was critical.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.aca.2020.11.002
PMID: 33280695

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors 
declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal 
relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this 
paper.


678. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Technol Cancer Res Treat. 2020 Jan-Dec;19:1533033820971600. doi: 
10.1177/1533033820971600.

Clinical Research on Systemic Chemotherapy Combined With Bronchoscopic Seed 
Implantation in the Treatment of Advanced Lung Cancer.

Xu F(1), Yang J(2), Xu B(3), Li Z(1), Li X(1), Wu X(4), Liu H(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine, Cangzhou People's 
Hospital, Cangzhou, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Cangzhou People's Hospital, Cangzhou, 
China.
(3)Tianjin Medical University, Tianjin, China.
(4)Shanghai Engineering Research Center of Pharmaceutical Translation, Shanghai, 
China.

Retraction in
    Technol Cancer Res Treat. 2021 Jan-Dec;20:15330338211063680. doi: 
10.1177/15330338211063680.

OBJECTIVE: This study aims to explore the clinical value of systemic 
chemotherapy combined with bronchoscopic seed implantation in advanced lung 
cancer treatment.
METHODS: The study enrolled 253 patients with advanced lung cancer in Cangzhou 
People's Hospital from March 2018 to March 2020, and they were divided into test 
group and control group. Test group was given systemic chemotherapy combined 
with bronchoscopic seed implantation, while control group was given systemic 
chemotherapy. The objective response rate of tumor (ORR), disease control rate 
(DCR), serum tumor marker level, survival time and adverse reactions of 2 groups 
were compared.
RESULTS: After treatment, the levels of serum tumor markers including 
carcino-embryonic antigen, neuro-specific enolase, cytokeratin-19 and 
pro-gastrin-releasing peptide were markedly decreased in test group compared 
with those in control group (P < 0.05). Therein, the serum tumor marker level of 
non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients was significant decreased compared 
with that of small cell lung cancer (SCLC) patients in test group. Meanwhile, in 
test group, the serum tumor marker level of lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD) patients 
was significant decreased compared with that of lung squamous cell carcinoma 
(LUSC, P < 0.05). The ORR and DCR in test group were superior to those in 
control group (63.4%, 92.5% vs 38.7%, 72.3%, P < 0.05), while those were much 
higher in patients with NSCLC and LUAD relative to those in patients with SCLC 
and LUSC, respectively (P < 0.05). Furthermore, the progression-free survival 
(PFS) and overall survival (OS) in test group were significantly greater than 
those in control group. In test group, the PFS and OS of patients with NSCLC and 
LUAD were higher than those of patients with SCLC and LUSC.
CONCLUSION: The efficacy of systemic chemotherapy combined with bronchoscopic 
seed implantation was superior to that of systemic chemotherapy, which is worthy 
of promoting in clinical practice.

DOI: 10.1177/1533033820971600
PMCID: PMC7724264
PMID: 33280522 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Conflicting Interests: The 
author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the 
research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.


679. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Exp Ther Med. 2021 Jan;21(1):23. doi: 10.3892/etm.2020.9455. Epub 2020 Nov 9.

Exposure to radiofrequency radiation increases the risk of breast cancer: A 
systematic review and meta-analysis.

Shih YW(1), O'Brien AP(2), Hung CS(3)(4), Chen KH(5)(6)(7)(8), Hou 
WH(8)(9)(10)(11), Tsai HT(1)(5).

Author information:
(1)School of Nursing, College of Nursing, Taipei Medical University, Taipei 
11031, Taiwan R.O.C.
(2)Faculty of Health and Medicine, School of Nursing and Midwifery, The 
University of Newcastle, Callaghan, New South Wales 2308, Australia.
(3)Department of Surgery, School of Medicine, College of Medicine, Taipei 
Medical University, New Taipei City, Taipei 11031, Taiwan R.O.C.
(4)Division of General Surgery, Department of Surgery, Shuang Ho Hospital, 
Taipei Medical University, New Taipei City, Taipei 11031, Taiwan R.O.C.
(5)Post-Baccalaureate Program in Nursing, College of Nursing, Taipei Medical 
University, Taipei 11031, Taiwan R.O.C.
(6)Center for Nursing and Healthcare Research in Clinical Practice Application, 
Wan Fang Hospital, Taipei Medical University, Taipei 11031, Taiwan R.O.C.
(7)Evidence-based Knowledge Translation Center, Wan Fang Hospital, Taipei 
Medical University, Taipei 11031, Taiwan R.O.C.
(8)Cochrane Taiwan, Taipei 11031, Taiwan R.O.C.
(9)Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation/Center of Evidence-Based 
Medicine in Department of Education, Taipei Medical University Hospital, Taipei 
11031, Taiwan R.O.C.
(10)Master Program in Long-Term Care, College of Nursing, Taipei Medical 
University, Taipei 11031, Taiwan R.O.C.
(11)Graduate Institute of Clinical Medicine, College of Medicine, Taipei Medical 
University, Taipei 11031, Taiwan R.O.C.

Retraction in
    Exp Ther Med. 2021 May;21(5):472. doi: 10.3892/etm.2021.9903.

The present systematic review and meta-analysis investigated the association 
between exposure to radiofrequency radiation and the risk of breast cancer. The 
published studies that were available in PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, Ovid 
MEDLINE, CINAHL Plus, Web of Science, Airiti Library, Networked Digital Library 
of Theses and Dissertations and ProQuest until May 2020 were investigated. A 
total of eight studies (four case-control and four cohort studies) were eligible 
for quantitative analysis. A significant association between radiofrequency 
radiation exposure and breast cancer risk was detected [pooled relative risk 
(RR)=1.189; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.056-1.339]. Subgroup analyses 
indicated that radiofrequency radiation exposure significantly increased the 
risk of breast cancer susceptibility among subjects aged ≥50 years (RR=2.179; 
95% CI, 1.260-3.770). Pooled estimates revealed that the use of electrical 
appliances, which emit radiofrequency radiation, such as mobile phones and 
computers, significantly increased breast cancer development (RR=2.057; 95% CI, 
1.272-3.327), while occupational radiofrequency exposure and transmitters did 
not increase breast cancer development (RR=1.274; 95% CI, 0.956-1.697; RR=1.133; 
95% CI, 0.987-1.300, respectively). It was concluded that radiofrequency 
radiation exposure significantly increased the risk of breast cancer, especially 
in women aged ≥50 years and in individuals who used electric appliances, such as 
mobile phones and computers. In accordance with Preferred Reporting Items for 
Systematic Reviews and Meta-analysis, an evaluation protocol was prepared and 
registered with the PROSPERO database (registration no. CRD42018087283).

Copyright: © Shih et al.

DOI: 10.3892/etm.2020.9455
PMCID: PMC7690245
PMID: 33262809


680. RETRACTED ARTICLE

PLoS One. 2020 Dec 1;15(12):e0242315. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0242315. 
eCollection 2020.

Impact of artificial light intensity on nocturnal insect diversity in urban and 
rural areas of the Asir province, Saudi Arabia.

Hakami AR(1), Khan KA(2)(3)(4), Ghramh HA(2)(3)(4), Ahmad Z(2)(3)(5), Al-Zayd 
AAA(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Clinical Laboratory Sciences, College of Applied Medical 
Sciences, King Khalid University, Abha, Saudi Arabia.
(2)Research Center for Advanced Materials Science (RCAMS), King Khalid 
University, Abha, Saudi Arabia.
(3)Unit of Bee Research and Honey Production, Faculty of Science, King Khalid 
University, Abha, Saudi Arabia.
(4)Biology Department, Faculty of Science, King Khalid University, Abha, Saudi 
Arabia.
(5)Biology Department, Faculty of Sciences and Arts, King Khalid University, 
Dhahran Al-Janoub, Saudi Arabia.

Retraction in
    PLoS One. 2022 Oct 21;17(10):e0275939. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0275939.

Continuous urban developments have resulted in increased demand for street 
furniture, one of which is street light columns. Artificial light at night 
(ALAN) pose significant impacts on insect diversity in urban and rural areas. 
The ALAN is a significant driver of decline in insect diversity. This study 
evaluated the impact of light intensity and sky quality at night on insect 
diversity in rural and urban areas of the Asir province, Saudi Arabia. Insect 
traps were installed in both areas during night. Light intensity of nearby road 
lamps was measured using light meter, while sky quality was measured using sky 
quality meter. Rural areas exhibited low light intensity (10.33 flux/f.candle) 
and good sky quality (18.80 magnitude/arcsec2). Urban areas exhibited intense 
light (89.33 flux/f.candle) and poor sky quality (15.49 magnitude/arcsec2). 
Higher insect diversity was recorded for rural areas where insects belonging to 
seven orders (i.e., Diptera, Lepidoptera, Hemiptera, Hymenoptera, Coleoptera, 
Neuroptera, and Dermaptera) were collected. However, insects of four orders 
(i.e., Diptera, Lepidoptera, Hemiptera, and Neuroptera) were found in urban 
areas indicating low diversity. Lepidopteran insects were frequently recorded 
from rural areas indicating they are attracted to artificial light. It is 
concluded that excessive ALAN and poor sky quality at night disrupt insect 
biodiversity. Therefore, ALAN and sky quality must be considered responsible for 
decline in insect biodiversity along with other known factors.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0242315
PMCID: PMC7707546
PMID: 33259480 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


681. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Ther Nucleic Acids. 2020 Sep 23;22:981-993. doi: 10.1016/j.omtn.2020.09.020. 
eCollection 2020 Dec 4.

Silencing of lncRNA LINC00857 Enhances BIRC5-Dependent Radio-Sensitivity of Lung 
Adenocarcinoma Cells by Recruiting NF-κB1.

Han F(1), Yang S(2), Wang W(3), Huang X(4), Huang D(5), Chen S(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nuclear Medicine, Tongji Hospital, Tongji University School of 
Medicine, Shanghai 200065, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Tongji Hospital, Tongji University School of 
Medicine, Shanghai 200065, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Internal Medicine, Tongji Hospital, Tongji University School of 
Medicine, Shanghai 200065, P.R. China.
(4)Department of Radiology, Tongji Hospital, Tongji University School of 
Medicine, Shanghai 200065, P.R. China.
(5)Department of Emergency Medicine, Shanghai Pulmonary Hospital, Tongji 
University School of Medicine, Shanghai 200433, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Mol Ther Nucleic Acids. 2022 May 04;28:538. doi: 10.1016/j.omtn.2022.04.028.

Lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD) is a predominant type of lung cancer in never-smoker 
patients. In this study, we identified a long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) LINC00857 
that might regulate radio-sensitivity of LUAD cells. Expression of LINC00857 and 
baculoviral IAP repeat containing 5 (BIRC5) was determined to be upregulated in 
LUAD cells and tissues using qRT-PCR and western blot analysis. The correlation 
between LINC00857 and nuclear factor kappa B subunit 1 (NF-κB1) was verified 
using RNA immunoprecipitation and chromatin immunoprecipitation assays, while 
the binding relationship between NF-κB1 and BIRC5 was determined by 
dual-luciferase reporter assay. It was suggested that LINC00857 could recruit 
NF-κB1 in BIRC5 promoter region. BIRC5 promoter activity was repressed in 
response to small interfering-LINC00857 (si-LINC00857) in LUAD cells. Silencing 
LINC00857 or BIRC5 reduced proliferation and colony formation but enhanced 
apoptosis and radio-sensitivity of LUAD cells. The experiment in vivo verified 
the function of silencing LINC00857 on enhancing radio-sensitivity of LUAD 
cells. Our results reveal a functional regulatory LINC00857-NF-κB1-BIRC5 triplet 
in LUAD cells, suggesting LINC00857 as a potential target for LUAD treatment.

© 2020 The Authors.

DOI: 10.1016/j.omtn.2020.09.020
PMCID: PMC7679245
PMID: 33251047


682. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2020 Nov 19;13:11957-11973. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S276559. 
eCollection 2020.

Histone Demethylase KDM3A Promotes Cervical Cancer Malignancy Through the 
ETS1/KIF14/Hedgehog Axis.

Liu J(#)(1), Li D(#)(2), Zhang X(3), Li Y(1), Ou J(4).

Author information:
(1)Frist Department of Gynecologic Oncology, Jilin Cancer Hospital, Changchun 
130012, Jilin, People's Republic of China.
(2)Second Department of Gynecologic Oncology, Jilin Cancer Hospital, Changchun 
130012, Jilin, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Rheumatology and Immunology, China-Japan Union Hospital of 
Jilin University, Changchun 130033, Jilin, People's Republic of China.
(4)Department of Gynecological Oncology Radiotherapy, Jilin Cancer Hospital, 
Changchun 130012, Jilin, People's Republic of China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2023 Aug 02;16:655-656. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S433201.

BACKGROUND: Lysine demethylase 3A (KDM3A) has been increasingly recognized as an 
important epigenetic regulator involved in cancer development. This study aims 
to explore the relevance of KDM3A to cervical cancer (CC) progression and the 
molecules involved.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Tumor and the adjacent tissues from CC patients were 
collected. KDM3A expression in tissues and CC cell lines and its correlation 
with the survival and prognosis of patients were determined. Malignant 
potentials of CC cells and the angiogenesis ability of HUVECs were measured to 
evaluate the function of KDM3A on CC progression. The interactions among KDM3A, 
H3K9me2 and ETS1, and the binding between ETS1 and KIF14 were validated through 
ChIP and luciferase assays. Altered expression of ETS1 and KIF14 was introduced 
to explore their roles in CC development.
RESULTS: KDM3A was abundantly expressed in CC tissues and cells and linked to 
dismal prognosis of CC patients. Knockdown of KDM3A suppressed malignant 
behaviors of CC cells. KDM3A was found to increase ETS1 expression through the 
demethylation of H3K9me2. Overexpression of ETS1 blocked the inhibiting roles of 
sh-KDM3A. ETS1 could bind to the promoter region of KIF14 to trigger its 
transcription. Overexpression ofKIF14aggravated the malignant behaviors of CC 
cells and the angiogenesis ability of HUVECs, and it activated the Hedgehog 
signaling pathway. Artificial activation of Hedgehog by Sag1.5 diminished the 
effects of sh-KDM3A. These changes were reproduced in vivo.
CONCLUSION: This study evidenced that KDM3A promotes ETS1-mediated KIF14 
transcription to promote CC progression with the involvement of the Hedgehog 
activation.

© 2020 Liu et al.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S276559
PMCID: PMC7682655
PMID: 33239895

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


683. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Ther Nucleic Acids. 2020 Sep 26;22:640-656. doi: 10.1016/j.omtn.2020.09.025. 
eCollection 2020 Dec 4.

TNFAIP8 Promotes Cisplatin Chemoresistance in Triple-Negative Breast Cancer by 
Repressing p53-Mediated miR-205-5p Expression.

Ma HY(1), Li Y(1), Yin HZ(1), Yin H(1), Qu YY(1), Xu QY(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Breast Radiotherapy, Harbin Medical University Cancer Hospital, 
Harbin 150081, Heilongjiang Province, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Mol Ther Nucleic Acids. 2023 Oct 05;34:102048. doi: 
10.1016/j.omtn.2023.102048.

Tumor necrosis factor alpha-induced protein 8 (TNFAIP8) is implicated in the 
tumor progression and prognosis of triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC), but the 
detailed regulatory mechanism of TNFAIP8 in cisplatin tolerance in TNBC has not 
yet been investigated. TNFAIP8 was evidently upregulated in TNBC tumor tissues 
and cell lines. Knocking down TNFAIP8 led to impaired proliferation and elevated 
apoptosis of TNBC cells upon cisplatin (DDP) treatment. Mechanistic studies 
revealed that TNFAIP8 repressed the expression of p53 and p53-promoted microRNA 
(miR)-205-5p; moreover, miR-205-5p targeted multiple genes required for the cell 
cycle and repressed Akt phosphorylation, which thus inhibited the proliferation 
of TNBC cells. In addition, silencing of TNFAIP8 led to the upregulation of 
miR-205-5p and the restraint of the TRAF2-NF-κB pathway, which thus enhanced the 
suppressive effects of DDP on tumor growth in nude mice. This study revealed 
that TNFAIP8 was essential in the DDP tolerance formation of TNBC cells by 
reducing p53-promoted miR-205-5p expression. Thus, targeting TNFAIP8 might 
become a promising strategy to suppress TNBC progression.

© 2020 The Authors.

DOI: 10.1016/j.omtn.2020.09.025
PMCID: PMC7581818
PMID: 33230463


684. World Neurosurg. 2020 Dec;144:341-350. doi: 10.1016/j.wneu.2020.08.150.

Contralateral Interhemispheric Transfalcine Transprecuneus Approach: Advancing 
Operative Angles to Deep-Seated Lesions.

Fernandez-Miranda JC(1), Xu Y(1), Hendricks BK(2), Cohen-Gadol A(3).

Author information:
(1)Stanford University Department of Neurosurgery, Palo Alto, California, USA.
(2)The Neurosurgical Atlas, Carmel, Indiana, USA.
(3)The Neurosurgical Atlas, Carmel, Indiana, USA; Department of Neurosurgery, 
Indiana University, Indianapolis, Indiana, USA. Electronic address: 
cohen@nsatlas.com.

The reach to expose the peritrigonal/atrial territories poses special 
challenges. The highly functional overlying cortices and white matter tracts, 
such as the optic radiations lateral to the ventricle, postcentral gyrus 
laterally and more superficially, and the thalamus anteroinferiorly, constrain 
the surgical corridors to the atrium. Standard interhemispheric or transcortical 
approaches involve significant retraction and resection of the normal 
parenchyma. In this offering, the authors describe the contralateral posterior 
interhemispheric transfalcine transprecuneus approach (PITTA), which provides 
flexible working angles while protecting the functional brain tissues. In 
summary, the PITTA is founded on the concept of using a contralateral operative 
trajectory to augment a more tangential working angle to the more 
difficult-to-reach lateral target through a midline route. The PITTA emphasizes 
the importance of operative working angles (versus necessary operative space) 
through less disruptive exposures as a more viable parameter for achieving 
desirable results.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.wneu.2020.08.150
PMID: 33227880 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


685. Sci Rep. 2020 Nov 17;10(1):19945. doi: 10.1038/s41598-020-76553-w.

Synaptic migration and reorganization after noise exposure suggests regeneration 
in a mature mammalian cochlea.

Hickman TT(1)(2), Hashimoto K(3), Liberman LD(4), Liberman MC(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Eaton-Peabody Laboratories, Massachusetts Eye and Ear, 243 Charles St., 
Boston, MA, 02114-3096, USA. Tyler_Hickman@meei.harvard.edu.
(2)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Harvard Medical School, 
Boston, MA, 02115, USA. Tyler_Hickman@meei.harvard.edu.
(3)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, Tohoku University School of Medicine, 
Sendai, Japan.
(4)Eaton-Peabody Laboratories, Massachusetts Eye and Ear, 243 Charles St., 
Boston, MA, 02114-3096, USA.
(5)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Harvard Medical School, 
Boston, MA, 02115, USA.

Overexposure to intense noise can destroy the synapses between auditory nerve 
fibers and their hair cell targets without destroying the hair cells themselves. 
In adult mice, this synaptopathy is immediate and largely irreversible, whereas, 
in guinea pigs, counts of immunostained synaptic puncta can recover with 
increasing post-exposure survival. Here, we asked whether this recovery simply 
reflects changes in synaptic immunostaining, or whether there is actual 
retraction and extension of neurites and/or synaptogenesis. Analysis of the 
numbers, sizes and spatial distribution of pre- and post-synaptic markers on 
cochlear inner hair cells, in guinea pigs surviving from 1 day to 6 months after 
a synaptopathic exposure, shows dramatic synaptic re-organization during the 
recovery period in which synapse counts recover from 16 to 91% of normal in the 
most affected regions. Synaptic puncta move all over the hair cell membrane 
during recovery, translocating far from their normal positions at the 
basolateral pole, and auditory-nerve terminals extend towards the hair cell's 
apical end to re-establish contact with them. These observations provide 
stronger evidence for spontaneous neural regeneration in a mature mammalian 
cochlea than can be inferred from synaptic counts alone.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-020-76553-w
PMCID: PMC7672098
PMID: 33203940 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


686. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Ther Adv Med Oncol. 2020 Oct 29;12:1758835920965853. doi: 
10.1177/1758835920965853. eCollection 2020.

Hypo-fractionation radiotherapy normalizes tumor vasculature in non-small cell 
lung cancer xenografts through the p-STAT3/HIF-1 alpha signaling pathway.

Tong F(1), Xiong CJ(1), Wei CH(1), Wang Y(1), Liang ZW(1), Lu H(1), Pan HJ(1), 
Dong JH(2), Zheng XF(1), Wu G(1), Dong XR(3).

Author information:
(1)Cancer Center, Union Hospital, Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of 
Science and Technology, Wuhan, China.
(2)Experimental Center, Union Hospital, Tongji Medical College, Huazhong 
University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, China.
(3)Cancer Center, Union Hospital, Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of 
Science and Technology, Wuhan, 430022, China.

Retraction in
    Ther Adv Med Oncol. 2023 Apr 3;15:17588359231165586. doi: 
10.1177/17588359231165586.

BACKGROUND: Hypo-fractionation radiotherapy (HFRT) was considered to be an 
important treatment for non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), but the 
radiobiological effects of HFRT on NSCLC remain unclear. The aim of this study 
was to investigate specific biological effect of HFRT on tumor angiogenesis, 
compared with conventional radiotherapy (CRT).
METHODS: The subcutaneous xenograft models and the dorsal skinfold window 
chamber (DSWC) models of nude mice bearing H460 and HCC827 NSCLC cells were 
irradiated with doses of 0 Gy (sham group), 22 Gy delivered into 11 fractions 
(CRT group) or 12 Gy delivered into 1 fraction (HFRT group). At certain 
time-points after irradiation, the volumes, hypoxic area, coverage rate of 
pericyte and micro-vessel density (MVD) of the subcutaneous xenograft models 
were detected, and the tumor vasculature was visualized in the DSMC model. The 
expressions of phosphorylated signal transducer and activator of transcription 
(p-STAT3), hypoxia-inducible factor 1-α (HIF-1α), CXCL12 and VEGFA were 
detected.
RESULTS: Compared with the CRT groups, HFRT showed more-efficient tumor 
growth-suppression, accompanied by a HFRT-induced window-period, during which 
vasculature was normalized, tumor hypoxia was improved and MVD was decreased. 
Moreover, during the window-period, the signal levels of p-STAT3/HIF-1α pathway 
and the expressions of its downstream angiogenic factors (VEGFA and CXCL12) were 
inhibited by HFRT.
CONCLUSION: Compared with CRT, HFRT induced tumor vasculature normalization by 
rendering the remaining vessels less tortuous and increasing pericyte coverage 
of tumor blood vessels, thereby ameliorating tumor hypoxia and enhancing the 
tumor-killing effect. Moreover, HFRT might exert the aforementioned effects 
through p-STAT3/HIF-1α signaling pathway.

© The Author(s), 2020.

DOI: 10.1177/1758835920965853
PMCID: PMC7605032
PMID: 33193827

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest statement: The authors 
declare that there is no conflict of interest.


687. Biochimie. 2021 Jan;180:205-221. doi: 10.1016/j.biochi.2020.11.006. Epub 2020 
Nov 12.

Curcumin analogs exhibit anti-cancer activity by selectively targeting 
G-quadruplex forming c-myc promoter sequence.

Pandya N(1), Khan E(1), Jain N(1), Satham L(2), Singh R(3), Makde RD(3), Mishra 
A(4), Kumar A(5).

Author information:
(1)Discipline of Biosciences and Biomedical Engineering, Indian Institute of 
Technology Indore, Simrol, Indore, 453552, India.
(2)Department of Chemistry, Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, Mumbai, 
400076, Maharashtra, India.
(3)High Pressure and Synchrotron Radiation Physics Division, Bhabha Atomic 
Research Centre, Mumbai, 400085, India.
(4)Cellular and Molecular Neurobiology Unit, Indian Institute of Technology 
Jodhpur, Rajasthan, 342011, India.
(5)Discipline of Biosciences and Biomedical Engineering, Indian Institute of 
Technology Indore, Simrol, Indore, 453552, India. Electronic address: 
amitk@iiti.ac.in.

Curcumin exhibits a broad spectrum of beneficial health properties that include 
anti-tumor and anti-cancer activities. The down-regulation of c-myc 
transcription via stabilizing the G-quadruplex structure formed at the promoter 
region of the human c-myc gene allows the repression in cancer growth. Small 
molecules can bind and stabilize this structure to provide an exciting and 
promising strategy for anti-cancer therapeutics. Herein, we investigated the 
interaction of Curcumin and its synthetic analogs with G-quadruplex DNA formed 
at the c-myc promoter by using various biophysical and biochemical assays. 
Further, its cytotoxic effect and mechanistic insights were explored in various 
cancer cell lines as well as in multicellular tumor spheroid (MCTS) model. The 
MCTS possesses almost similar microenvironment as avascular tumors, and 
micro-metastases can be used as a suitable model for the small molecule-based 
therapeutics development. Our study provides an expanded overview of the 
anti-cancer effect of a new Curcumin analog via targeting G-quadruplex 
structures formed at the promoter region of the human c-myc gene.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier B.V. and Société Française de Biochimie et Biologie 
Moléculaire (SFBBM). All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biochi.2020.11.006
PMID: 33188859 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest We have no 
conflict of interest to declare. This statement is to certify that all Authors 
have seen and approved the manuscript being submitted, and agree to the 
submission to BIOCHIMIE. We warrant that the article is the Authors’ original 
work. We warrant that the article has not received prior publication, is not 
under consideration for publication elsewhere, and will not be submitted for 
publication elsewhere, in whole or in part, while under consideration for 
publication in BIOCHIMIE. On behalf of all Co-Authors, the corresponding Author 
shall bear full responsibility for the submission. We attest to the fact that 
all Authors listed on the title page have contributed significantly to the work, 
have read the manuscript, attest to the validity and legitimacy of the data and 
their interpretation, and agree to its submission to BIOCHIMIE. We further 
attest that no other person has fulfilled the requirements for authorship as 
stated in the Elsevier Authorship-factsheet (2017_ETHICS_AUTH02 - attached), but 
is not included in the list of authors, and that no other person has contributed 
substantially to the writing of the manuscript but is not included either among 
the authors or in the acknowledgements. All authors agree that no modification 
to the author list can be made without the written acceptance of all authors and 
the formal approval of the Editor-in-Chief. All authors accept that the 
Editor-in Chief’s decisions over acceptance or rejection or in the event of any 
breach of the Principles of Ethical Publishing in BIOCHIMIE being discovered, of 
retraction are final.


688. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Fluoresc. 2021 Jan;31(1):165-173. doi: 10.1007/s10895-020-02650-8. Epub 2020 
Nov 13.

Two Transition Metal Coordination Polymers: Luminescent Sensing Properties and 
Treatment Effect on Chronic Periodontitis by Reducing IL-6 and TNF-α Content.

Mi L(1), Zhang X(2), Hao W(3), Wang S(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Stomatology, Yulin First Hospital, Yulin, Shaanxi, China.
(2)Department of Stomatology, Tangshan Central Hospital, Tangshan, Hebei, China. 
zxue163zxue@163.com.
(3)Department of Chemistry, Qingdao Medical University, Qingdao, Shandong, 
China.

Retraction in
    J Fluoresc. 2023 Dec 4. doi: 10.1007/s10895-023-03524-5.

Two novel sulfonic functionalized coordination polymers (CPs) 
{[Cd1.5(dimb)(5-sip)(H2O)3]·3H2O}n (1, dimb = 1,4-di(1H-imidazol-1-yl)butane) 
and [Co2(iptz)(Hiptz)(5-sip)(H2O)]·4H2O (2, 
Hiptz = 1-(4-(1H-imidazole-5-yl)phenyl)-1H-1,2,4-triazole) were acquired via 
different metal(II) salts reacting with the mixed ligands containing 
1-(4-(1H-imidazole-5-yl)phenyl)-1H-1,2,4-triazole, 
1,4-di(1H-imidazol-1-yl)butane and sodium 5-sulfoisophthalate (NaH2sip), 
respectively. Furthermore, the complex 1 based on Cd(II) could be utilized as 
the luminescent senor for picric acid (PA) detection in water. In bio-research, 
compounds 1 and 2 treatment effect on chronic periodontitis was assessed and the 
specific mechanism was discussed. First of all, the RT-PCR was performed to 
measure the HmuY and fimA genes relative expression level in P.gingivalis after 
treated by compounds 1 and 2. Then, the TNF-α and IL-6 content in the fluid of 
gingival crevicular after compounds treatment was determined with ELISA 
detection kit.

DOI: 10.1007/s10895-020-02650-8
PMID: 33188483 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


689. BMC Evol Biol. 2020 Nov 13;20(1):153. doi: 10.1186/s12862-020-01717-1.

Climatic and topographic changes since the Miocene influenced the 
diversification and biogeography of the tent tortoise (Psammobates tentorius) 
species complex in Southern Africa.

Zhao Z(1), Heideman N(2), Bester P(3), Jordaan A(2), Hofmeyr MD(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Zoology and Entomology, University of the Free State, Biology 
Building B19, 205 Nelson Mandela Dr, Park West, Bloemfontein, South Africa. 
orochi19851020@yahoo.com.
(2)Department of Zoology and Entomology, University of the Free State, Biology 
Building B19, 205 Nelson Mandela Dr, Park West, Bloemfontein, South Africa.
(3)Department of Virology, University of the Free State and National Health 
Laboratory Service (NHLS), Bloemfontein, South Africa.
(4)Department of Biodiversity and Conservation Biology, Chelonian Biodiversity 
and Conservation, University of the Western Cape, Bellville, South Africa.

Erratum in
    BMC Ecol Evol. 2021 Jul 9;21(1):142. doi: 10.1186/s12862-021-01868-9.

BACKGROUND: Climatic and topographic changes function as key drivers in shaping 
genetic structure and cladogenic radiation in many organisms. Southern Africa 
has an exceptionally diverse tortoise fauna, harbouring one-third of the world's 
tortoise genera. The distribution of Psammobates tentorius (Kuhl, 1820) covers 
two of the 25 biodiversity hotspots in the world, the Succulent Karoo and Cape 
Floristic Region. The highly diverged P. tentorius represents an excellent model 
species for exploring biogeographic and radiation patterns of reptiles in 
Southern Africa.
RESULTS: We investigated genetic structure and radiation patterns against 
temporal and spatial dimensions since the Miocene in the Psammobates tentorius 
species complex, using multiple types of DNA markers and niche modelling 
analyses. Cladogenesis in P. tentorius started in the late Miocene 
(11.63-5.33 Ma) when populations dispersed from north to south to form two 
geographically isolated groups. The northern group diverged into a clade north 
of the Orange River (OR), followed by the splitting of the group south of the OR 
into a western and an interior clade. The latter divergence corresponded to the 
intensification of the cold Benguela current, which caused western aridification 
and rainfall seasonality. In the south, tectonic uplift and subsequent 
exhumation, together with climatic fluctuations seemed responsible for 
radiations among the four southern clades since the late Miocene. We found that 
each clade occurred in a habitat shaped by different climatic parameters, and 
that the niches differed substantially among the clades of the northern group 
but were similar among clades of the southern group.
CONCLUSION: Climatic shifts, and biome and geographic changes were possibly the 
three major driving forces shaping cladogenesis and genetic structure in 
Southern African tortoise species. Our results revealed that the cladogenesis of 
the P. tentorius species complex was probably shaped by environmental cooling, 
biome shifts and topographic uplift in Southern Africa since the late Miocene. 
The Last Glacial Maximum (LGM) may have impacted the distribution of P. 
tentorius substantially. We found the taxonomic diversify of the P. tentorius 
species complex to be highest in the Greater Cape Floristic Region. All seven 
clades discovered warrant conservation attention, particularly Ptt-B-Ptr, Ptt-A 
and Pv-A.

DOI: 10.1186/s12862-020-01717-1
PMCID: PMC7666511
PMID: 33187474 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: All authors declare we have no competing 
interests.


690. PLoS One. 2020 Nov 11;15(11):e0240634. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0240634. 
eCollection 2020.

Colour and chemical stability of bismuth oxide in dental materials with 
solutions used in routine clinical practice.

Camilleri J(1), Borg J(2), Damidot D(3), Salvadori E(4), Pilecki P(5), Zaslansky 
P(6), Darvell BW(1).

Author information:
(1)School of Dentistry, University of Birmingham, Birmingham, United Kingdom.
(2)Systems Engineer, Triq L-Uqija Ta L-Ibrag, Is-Swieqi, Malta.
(3)Department of Civil and Structural Engineering, Faculty of Civil Engineering, 
Ecole de Mines, LGCgE-GCE, Douai, France.
(4)Department of Chemistry, University of Torino, Torino, Italy.
(5)Imaging and Microscopy, King's College London, London, United Kingdom.
(6)Department for Operative and Preventive Dentistry, Centrum für Zahn-, Mund- 
und Kieferheilkunde, Charité - Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Berlin, Germany.

Bismuth(III) oxide is included as a radio-opacifier in dental materials, 
including hydraulic silicate cements, the material of choice for several 
endodontic procedures. It has been implicated in tooth discoloration after 
contact with endodontic irrigants, in particular NaOCl solution, To date, there 
has been no work on the chemistry: all reports have been of clinical findings 
only. The purpose now was to report the reactions leading to colour change from 
Bi2O3 in contact with solutions used in routine endodontic practice. Ten-gram 
portions of Bi2O3 were immersed in either water, NaOH, NaCl, NaOCl or HCl 
solution, either in the dark or exposed to visible light, and samples retrieved 
at 1, 4, 12 and 24 weeks. After washing, these were exposed to either added CO2 
or not, for 1 week while drying, and under the same dark or light conditions. 
Changes in appearance were monitored by photography and colour measurement, and 
chemically by X-ray diffraction and Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy. 
24-week material was studied using electron paramagnetic resonance and Raman 
spectroscopy; NaOCl-treated material was also examined by scanning electron 
microscopy. With water, NaCl and NaOH, bismuth subcarbonate was formed. With or 
without added carbon dioxide, discoloration occurred from pale yellow to light 
brown when exposed to light, and to a lesser extent in the dark, intensifying 
with time. In contrast, exposure to NaOCl rapidly formed a dark brown-black 
sodium bismuthate. With HCl, white BiOCl was formed. Bi2O3 is not at all inert 
in this context as is commonly believed, denying its principle of use. 
Previously unreported solution-mediated reaction occurs readily even in water 
and NaCl solution, forming new compounds that discolour. In contact with NaOCl 
sodium bismuthate is formed; severe darkening occurs rapidly. The reactivity is 
such that Bi2O3 is not indicated for dental materials and should be withdrawn 
from use.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0240634
PMCID: PMC7657490
PMID: 33176336 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest. 
This does not alter our adherence to PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and 
materials.


691. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Technol Cancer Res Treat. 2020 Jan-Dec;19:1533033820947485. doi: 
10.1177/1533033820947485.

Curcumin Inhibits the Migration and Invasion of Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer Cells 
Through Radiation-Induced Suppression of Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition and 
Soluble E-Cadherin Expression.

Deng X(1)(2), Chen C(1), Wu F(1), Qiu L(1), Ke Q(1), Sun R(1), Duan Q(1), Luo 
M(1), Luo Z(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Clinical Oncology, Taihe Hospital, Hubei University of 
Medicine, Shiyan, Hubei, People's Republic of China.
(2)HubeiKey Laboratory of Embryonic Stem Cell Research, Taihe Hospital, Hubei 
University of Medicine, Shiyan, Hubei, People's Republic of China.

Erratum in
    Technol Cancer Res Treat. 2022 Jan-Dec;21:15330338221128655. doi: 
10.1177/15330338221128655.

Retraction in
    Technol Cancer Res Treat. 2024 Jan-Dec;23:15330338241257888. doi: 
10.1177/15330338241257888.

Radiotherapy has been reported to cause cancer metastasis. Thus, a new strategy 
for radiotherapy must be developed to avoid this side effect. A549 cells were 
exposed to radiation to induce an epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) cell 
model. Real-time PCR and western blotting were used to detect mRNA and protein 
expression levels, and Transwell invasion and wound healing assays were used to 
detect cell migration and invasion. ELISA was used to detect soluble E-cadherin 
(sE-cad) secretion. siRNA was used to silence MMP9 expression. The results show 
that A549R cells exhibited an EMT phenotype with increased E-cadherin, 
N-cadherin, Snail, Slug, vimentin and Twist expression and decreased pan-keratin 
expression. sE-cad levels were increased in A549R cells and in the serum of 
NSCLC patients with distant metastasis. Exogenous sE-cad treatment and sE-cad 
overexpression promoted A549R and A549 cell migration and invasion. In contrast, 
blocking sE-cad attenuated A549 cell migration and invasion. Curcumin inhibited 
sE-cad expression and reversed EMT induced by radiation. Furthermore, curcumin 
suppressed sE-cad-enhanced A549 and A549R cell migration and invasion. Curcumin 
inhibited MMP9 expression, and silencing MMP9 suppressed sE-cad expression. 
Taken together, we found a nonclassic EMT phenomenon induced by radiation. 
Curcumin inhibits NSCLC migration and invasion by suppressing radiation-induced 
EMT and sE-cad expression by decreasing MMP9 expression.

DOI: 10.1177/1533033820947485
PMCID: PMC7607721
PMID: 33124505 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Conflicting Interests: The 
author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the 
research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.


692. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2020 Oct 7;2020:9567846. doi: 10.1155/2020/9567846. eCollection 
2020.

lncRNA MRUL Suppressed Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Cells Proliferation and 
Invasion by Targeting miR-17-5p/SRSF2 Axis.

Chen Y(1), Shen T(2), Ding X(3), Ma C(4), Cheng L(1), Sheng L(1), Du X(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Zhejiang Key Laboratory of Radiation 
Oncology, The Cancer Hospital of the University of Chinese Academy of Sciences 
(Zhejiang Cancer Hospital); Institute of Basic Medicine and Cancer (IBMC), 
Chinese Academy of Sciences, 1 Banshandong Road, 310022 hangzhou, Zhejiang, 
China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Jiaotong University School of Medicine, 197 
Ruijin Second Road, 200000 Shanghai, China.
(3)Department of Respiratory Medicine, Affiliated Hangzhou First People's 
Hospital, Zhejiang University School of Medicine, 310000 Zhejiang, China.
(4)Department of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Zhejiang Greentown Cardiovascular 
Hospital, 409 Gudun Road, 310000 Zhejiang, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2024 Mar 20;2024:9857357. doi: 10.1155/2024/9857357.

The two broad histological subtypes of lung cancer are small cell lung cancer 
(SCLC) and non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), which are the leading causes of 
cancer-related death in the world. Long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) have been 
verified to be critical in the regulation of cancer development. The present 
study identified and elucidated the regulatory roles of a novel lncRNA MRUL in 
NSCLC. The results showed that MRUL was overexpressed in NSCLC samples and 
correlated with the poor prognosis of patients who had NSCLC. Moreover, this 
research has for the first time demonstrated that MRUL acted as an oncogenetic 
lncRNA in NSCLC. Knockdown of MRUL considerably repressed NSCLC cell 
proliferation, invasion, and migration. The bioinformatics analysis showed that 
MRUL was involved in regulating multiple RNA splicing and proliferation-related 
biological processes, such as mRNA splicing, RNA splicing, mRNA processing, mRNA 
3'-end processing, mRNA splice site selection, and DNA replication. By combining 
bioinformatics analysis and experimental validation, we found that MRUL 
regulated NSCLC progression through promoting SRSF2 by sponging miR-17 in NSCLC 
cells. The discoveries indicated that MRUL could be a therapeutic target and a 
potential diagnostic for NSCLC.

Copyright © 2020 Ying Chen et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2020/9567846
PMCID: PMC7582093
PMID: 33123591 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


693. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Manag Res. 2020 Oct 20;12:10389-10396. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S273072. 
eCollection 2020.

Oncolytic Vaccinia Virus-Mediated Antitumor Effect and Cell Proliferation Were 
Promoted in PTC by Regulating circRNA_103598/miR-23a-3p/IL-6 Axis.

Zhang S(1), Wang Q(1), Li D(1), Huang B(2), Hou X(3), Wang D(1), Xiao Z(1), Meng 
H(1), Zhang Y(1), Dong L(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thyroid Surgery, Shanxi Provincial People's Hospital, Taiyuan, 
People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Gastrointestinal Pancreas, Hernia and Abdominal Wall Surgery, 
Shanxi Provincial People's Hospital, Taiyuan, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Chest Radiotherapy, Tumor Hospital of Shanxi Province, Taiyuan, 
People's Republic of China.

Retraction in
    Cancer Manag Res. 2023 Sep 05;15:977-978. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S438020.

BACKGROUND: Papillary thyroid carcinoma (PTC) is the most common type of thyroid 
malignancy, and cases have been rising steadily worldwide in the past few 
decades. Despite great progress having been made in surgery and chemotherapy for 
PTC, the survival rate of PTC patients has not increased significantly. 
Therefore, there is an urgent need to explore novel treatment strategies.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: The levels of circRNA_103598, miR-23a-3p and IL-6 mRNA in 
PTC tissues and cells were examined by qRT-PCR assay. Cell proliferation and 
IC50 values of oncolytic vaccinia virus (OVV) were detected by CCK-8 assay. A 
dual-luciferase reporter assay was performed to detect the relationships among 
circRNA_103598, miR-23a-3p and IL-6. ELISA was carried out to detect the 
expression of IL-6.
RESULTS: We found that circRNA_103598 was increased in PTC tissues and cell 
lines and acted as a sponge for miR-23a-3p. Moreover, knockdown of miR-23a-3p 
suppressed the OVV-mediated antitumor effect and cell proliferation in PTC. In 
addition, we revealed that circRNA_103598 bound to miR-23a-3p as a sponge to 
promote IL-6 expression.
CONCLUSION: Our study first revealed the high expression and oncogenic function 
of circRNA_103598 in PTC cells. Then, circRNA_103598 sponged miR-23a-3p to 
upregulate IL-6 expression, with the resulted that cell proliferation was 
promoted and the OVV-mediated antitumor effect was enhanced by strengthening the 
viral replication, providing new insights into future therapy for PTC.

© 2020 Zhang et al.

DOI: 10.2147/CMAR.S273072
PMCID: PMC7585822
PMID: 33116893

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


694. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Manag Res. 2020 Oct 13;12:10035-10046. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S252786. 
eCollection 2020.

DICER1-AS1 Promotes the Malignant Behaviors of Colorectal Cancer Cells by 
Regulating miR-296-5p/STAT3 Axis.

Ma C(1), Ma N(1), Qin L(1), Miao C(1), Luo M(1), Liu S(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Proctology, Linyi Central Hospital, Linyi, Shandong Province, 
People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Linyi Cancer Hospital, Linyi, Shandong Province, 
People's Republic of China.

Retraction in
    Cancer Manag Res. 2023 Jul 26;15:771-772. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S432301.

BACKGROUND: Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) exerts a regulatory role in the 
occurrence and progression of tumors. This study aimed at probing into the 
function and mechanism of lncRNA DICER1 antisense RNA 1 (DICER1-AS1) in 
colorectal cancer (CRC).
METHODS: The expressions of DICER1-AS1, miR-296-5p and STAT3 mRNA were tested by 
quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Cell counting kit-8 
(CCK-8) assay was employed to detect cell proliferation, and Transwell was used 
to detect cell migration and invasion. In addition, the expressions of 
apoptosis-related proteins Bax and Bcl2 were detected by Western blot. 
Interactions between DICER1-AS1 and miR-296-5p, and miR-296-5p and STAT3 were 
predicted and determined by bioinformatics analysis, luciferase reporter assay 
and RNA binding protein immunoprecipitation (RIP) assay.
RESULTS: The expressions of DICER1-AS1 and STAT3 mRNA were significantly 
up-regulated while miR-296-5p expression was remarkably down-regulated in CRC 
tissues and cell lines. Over-expression of DICER1-AS1 or transfection of 
miR-296-5p inhibitors could promote the proliferation, migration and invasion 
and inhibit apoptosis of CRC cells, whereas knockdown of DICER1-AS1 or 
transfection of miR-296-5p mimics had the opposite effects. Additionally, 
DICER1-AS1 could down-regulate miR-296-5p expression via sponging it. DICER1-AS1 
also enhanced the expression of STAT3, which was identified as a target gene of 
miR-296-5p.
CONCLUSION: DICER1-AS1 acts as an oncogenic lncRNA in CRC via modulating 
miR-296-5p/STAT3 axis. Our results provide a new direction for the diagnosis and 
treatment of CRC.

© 2020 Ma et al.

DOI: 10.2147/CMAR.S252786
PMCID: PMC7568600
PMID: 33116860

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests for this work.


695. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Manag Res. 2020 Oct 9;12:9915-9928. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S273687. 
eCollection 2020.

Long Noncoding RNA VPS9D1-AS1 Sequesters microRNA-525-5p to Promote the 
Oncogenicity of Colorectal Cancer Cells by Upregulating HMGA1.

Liu H(1), Zhang X(2), Jin X(3), Yang Y(1), Liang G(1), Ma Y(1), Wang B(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Abdominal Surgery, Jilin Cancer Hospital, Changchun, Jilin 
130021, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Oncology Medicine, Jilin Cancer Hospital, Changchun, Jilin 
130021, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Childhood Solid Tumor, First Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, Jilin 130021, People's Republic of China.
(4)Department of Radiotherapy, Jilin Cancer Hospital, Changchun, Jilin 130021, 
People's Republic of China.

Retraction in
    Cancer Manag Res. 2023 Jul 13;15:685-686. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S430213.

Expression of concern in
    Cancer Manag Res. 2021 Oct 20;13:7971-7972. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S344582.

BACKGROUND: The long noncoding RNA VPS9D1 antisense RNA 1 (VPS9D1-AS1) has 
emerged as a critical regulator in non-small-cell lung, gastric, and prostate 
cancers. In this study, we measured the expression levels of VPS9D1-AS1 in 
colorectal cancer (CRC) and determined the role of VPS9D1-AS1 in regulating the 
biological activities of CRC cells. In addition, we thoroughly elucidated the 
molecular mechanism mediating the oncogenic activities of VPS9D1-AS1 in CRC.
METHODS: The expression levels of VPS9D1-AS1 in CRC tissues and cell lines were 
detected via quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. 
Loss-of-function experiments were performed to detect the effects of VPS9D1-AS1 
silencing on CRC cell proliferation, apoptosis, migration, and invasion as well 
as on tumor growth in vivo. Bioinformatics analysis predicted the potential 
microRNAs (miRNAs) interacting with VPS9D1-AS1, and this prediction was further 
confirmed via RNA immunoprecipitation and luciferase reporter assays.
RESULTS: Our results demonstrated the upregulated expression of VPS9D1-AS1 in 
CRC tissues and cell lines. Functionally, VPS9D1-AS1 interference suppressed CRC 
cell proliferation, migration, and invasion and promoted cell apoptosis in 
vitro. In addition, the loss of VPS9D1-AS1 hindered tumor growth in vivo. 
Mechanistic studies identified VPS9D1-AS1 as a competing endogenous RNA in CRC 
cells, in which VPS9D1-AS1 acted as a molecular sponge of miR-525-5p and 
consequently increased the expression of high-mobility group AT-hook 1 (HMGA1). 
Moreover, rescue experiments revealed that the regulatory effects of VPS9D1-AS1 
deficiency on CRC cells were abolished after miR-525-5p inhibition or HMGA1 
restoration.
CONCLUSION: The newly identified competing endogenous RNA pathway involving 
VPS9D1-AS1, miR-525-5p, and HMGA1 is implicated in the control of CRC 
progression and may provide an effective target for CRC diagnosis and therapy.

© 2020 Liu et al.

DOI: 10.2147/CMAR.S273687
PMCID: PMC7553769
PMID: 33116849

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


696. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Manag Res. 2020 Oct 8;12:9813-9824. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S264358. 
eCollection 2020.

JAK-STAT Domain Enhanced MUC1-CAR-T Cells Induced Esophageal Cancer Elimination.

Zhang H(1), Zhao H(2), He X(3), Xi F(4), Liu J(1).

Author information:
(1)School of Public Health, Xinjiang Medical University, Urumqi, Xinjiang Uygur 
Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Radiation Therapy, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region People's 
Hospital, Urumqi, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Hepatology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xinjiang Medical 
University, Urumqi, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, People's Republic of 
China.
(4)Medical Department, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region People's Hospital, 
Urumqi, Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.

Retraction in
    Cancer Manag Res. 2024 Jun 20;16:641-642. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S483243.

PURPOSE: Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR)-T cells have shown to play a vital role 
in anti-tumor functions in hematological malignancies, but have poor efficacy in 
solid tumors. To improve the activation and proliferation of CAR-T cell in solid 
tumors, we constructed an enhanced CAR-T cells to increase the survival of 
esophageal cancer.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: To construct enhanced CAR-T cells, we chose MUC1 as the 
target of CAR-T cells. Long-term co-culture of target cells and effector cells 
was applied to verify the antitumor activity of these enhanced MUC1-CAR-T cells 
in vitro. Moreover, a mouse xenograft model was established to investigate the 
effects of enhanced MUC1-CAR-T cells on tumor elimination in vivo.
RESULTS: In vitro studies showed that enhanced MUC1-CAR-T cells have 
long-lasting tumor killing and proliferative capabilities. Moreover, animal 
experiments verified that enhanced MUC1-CAR-T cells had significant antitumor 
function and a prolonged half-life by subcutaneous transplantation models of 
esophageal cancer and PDX models of esophageal cancer, in vivo.
CONCLUSION: These results indicated that enhanced MUC1-CAR-T cells have a 
significant cytotoxic effect on esophageal cancer, and may likely to provide a 
novel strategy for the treatment of esophageal cancer.

© 2020 Zhang et al.

DOI: 10.2147/CMAR.S264358
PMCID: PMC7549884
PMID: 33116840

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conﬂicts 
of interest.


697. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Gene Ther. 2021 Jun;28(6):667-678. doi: 10.1038/s41417-020-00247-8. Epub 
2020 Oct 27.

circ_001504 promotes the development of renal cell carcinoma by sponging 
microRNA-149 to increase NUCB2.

Xin R(1)(2), Qu D(1)(3), Xu H(1)(4), Chen D(5)(6).

Author information:
(1)Jilin University, 130000, Changchun, P. R. China.
(2)Department of Radiology, the Second Hospital of Jilin University, 130000, 
Changchun, P. R. China.
(3)Department of Respiratory and Critical Diseases, the Second Hospital of Jilin 
University, 130000, Changchun, P. R. China.
(4)Department of Ultrasound, the First Hospital of Jilin University, 130000, 
Changchun, P. R. China.
(5)Jilin University, 130000, Changchun, P. R. China. chendw@jlu.edu.cn.
(6)Department of Radiation Protection, School of Public Health, Jilin 
University, 130000, Changchun, P. R. China. chendw@jlu.edu.cn.

Erratum in
    Cancer Gene Ther. 2022 Jul;29(7):1074. doi: 10.1038/s41417-021-00412-7.

Retraction in
    Cancer Gene Ther. 2023 Jul;30(7):1041. doi: 10.1038/s41417-023-00630-1.

Renal cell carcinoma (RCC) accounts for over 90% of primary renal tumors in 
adults. Although treatment approaches have steadily improved over the years, the 
prognosis outcome remains poor. With the aim of developing novel targets for RCC 
treatment, we explored the role of the circular RNA (circRNA) circ_001504 in the 
progression of RCC. We initially detected the expression of circ_001504 and 
microRNA (miRNA)-149 in RCC tissues and cells. RT-qPCR results showed that 
circ_001504 was highly expressed in RCC tissues, whereas miR-149 was poorly 
expressed. Interestingly, downregulation of circ_001504 suppressed malignant 
phenotypes in RCC cells, and upregulation of miR-149 exerted a similar effect. 
Bioinformatics analysis suggested potential binding sites between circ_001504 
and miR-149, verified by a dual-luciferase reporter gene assay. Next, we 
identified nucleobindin 2 (NUCB2), a calcium-binding protein, as a target gene 
of miR-149. Furthermore, our data suggested that circ_001504 might serve as a 
competing endogenous RNA of miR-149, serving to elevate the expression of NUCB2. 
The silencing of circ_001504 resulted in decreased NUCB2 expression, which could 
be reversed by miR-149 inhibition. In addition, in vivo experiments demonstrated 
that circ_001504 depletion could suppress tumor growth in an established mouse 
RCC model. Collectively, reduced expression of circ_001504 lowered NUCB2 
expression by sponging miR-149, thereby attenuating RCC progression, providing 
insight into circ_001504/miR-149/NUCB2 feedback loop into RCC treatment.

DOI: 10.1038/s41417-020-00247-8
PMID: 33110207 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


698. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Total Environ. 2021 Apr 1;763:142960. doi: 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2020.142960. 
Epub 2020 Oct 15.

RETRACTED: Visible-light-induced photocatalytic mitigation of ibuprofen using 
magnetic black TiO(2-x)/CaFe(2)O(4) decorated on diatomaceous earth.

Chen Y(1), Wu Q(1), Wang J(2), Song Y(3).

Author information:
(1)College of Environment, Liaoning University, Shenyang, PR China.
(2)College of Environment, Liaoning University, Shenyang, PR China; College of 
Chemistry, Liaoning University, Shenyang, PR China. Electronic address: 
wangjunlnu@hotmail.com.
(3)College of Environment, Liaoning University, Shenyang, PR China. Electronic 
address: 1310243@stu.neu.edu.cn.

Retraction in
    Sci Total Environ. 2021 Jul 10;777:147034. doi: 
10.1016/j.scitotenv.2021.147034.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal 
(https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal). This 
article has been retracted at the request of the Editors-in-Chief. Jun Wang and 
Youtao Song are listed as authors on the manuscript but have informed the 
journal that this occurred without their consent or knowledge of the submission 
and the email addresses provided were fake. Jun Wang and Youtao Song do not 
support the scientific conclusions of the article. Qiong Wu and Yan Chen 
furthermore note significant scientific errors with the article (including the 
wrong deconvolution method used for analysis of the XPS data, misuse of some 
characterization images and inability to reproduce some of the photodegradation 
data). One of the conditions of submission of a paper for publication is that 
all authors must be aware of and agree with its submission. As such this article 
represents a misuse of the scientific publishing system. The scientific 
community takes a very strong view on this matter and apologies are offered to 
readers of the journal that this was not detected during the submission process.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2020.142960
PMID: 33109374 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors 
declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal 
relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this 
paper.


699. J Endourol Case Rep. 2020 Sep 17;6(3):184-187. doi: 10.1089/cren.2020.0010. 
eCollection 2020.

Retained Digital Flexible Ureteroscope During Percutaneous Nephrolithotomy.

Chen TT(1), Metzler I(1), Sweet RM(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Urology, University of Washington, Seattle, Washington, USA.

Background: During percutaneous nephrolithotomy, retrograde flexible 
ureteroscopy can be utilized to facilitate repositioning of stones, enable 
direct vision percutaneous access, minimize radiation exposure, reduce operating 
times, and improve stone-free rates. Although advancements in technique and 
flexible ureteroscope technology for the past decades have rendered 
complications rare, herein we report a case of a retained ureteroscope during 
percutaneous nephrolithotomy that was effectively managed endoscopically. Case 
Presentation: A 59-year-old Caucasian gentleman with a history of recurrent 
bilateral nephrolithiasis presents for a left-sided percutaneous nephrolithotomy 
for a large stone burden >4 cm. A ureteral access sheath was used and retrograde 
ureteroscopy was performed to first reposition several stones into the renal 
pelvis. During manipulation, we were unexpectedly unable to retract the 
ureteroscope from the access sheath. We describe procedural details leading up 
to the event and subsequent intraoperative management using an antegrade 
approach. Conclusion: A retained flexible ureteroscope is a rare but serious 
intraoperative complication that may require invasive open surgical management. 
However, careful endoscopic management may be feasible in select cases, allowing 
for preservation of ureter and instrument.

Copyright 2020, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers.

DOI: 10.1089/cren.2020.0010
PMCID: PMC7580568
PMID: 33102723

Conflict of interest statement: No competing financial interests exist.


700. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biosci Rep. 2020 Nov 27;40(11):BSR20201854. doi: 10.1042/BSR20201854.

Ultrasonic irradiation and SonoVue microbubbles-mediated RNA interference 
targeting PRR11 inhibits breast cancer cells proliferation and metastasis, but 
promotes apoptosis.

Luo H(#)(1)(2), Li J(#)(1)(2), Lin Q(1)(2), Xiao X(1)(2), Shi Y(1)(2), Ye 
X(1)(2), Wei Z(1)(2), Liu Y(1)(2), Xu J(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Ultrasound, Shenzhen People’s Hospital, The Second Clinical 
Medical College of Jinan University, Shenzhen, China.
(2)Shenzhen Medical Ultrasound Engineering Center, Shenzhen People’s Hospital, 
The Second Clinical Medical College of Jinan University, Shenzhen, China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Biosci Rep. 2024 Sep 25;44(9):BSR-2020-1854_RET. doi: 
10.1042/BSR-2020-1854_RET.

The present study compared the effects of ultrasonic irradiation and SonoVue 
microbubbles (US) or Lipofectamine 3000 on the transfection of small interfering 
RNA for PRR11 (siPRR11) and Proline-rich protein 11 (PRR11) overexpression 
plasmid into breast cancer cells. SiPRR11 and PRR11 overexpression plasmid were 
transfected into breast cancer MCF7 cells mediated by US and Lipofectamine 3000. 
PRR11 expressions in breast cancer and normal tissues were determined using Gene 
Expression Profiling Interactive Analysis (GEPIA). The viability, proliferation, 
migration, invasion and apoptosis of breast cancer cells were respectively 
measured by MTT assay, clone formation assay, scratch wound-healing assay, 
Transwell assay and flow cytometry. PRR11 and epithelial-to-mesenchymal 
transition (EMT)-related and apoptosis-related (B-cell lymphoma 2, Bcl-2; 
Bcl-2-associated protein X, Bax) proteins' expressions were detected by 
quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and Western blot as 
appropriate. As ultrasonic intensity increased, the viability of MCF7 cells was 
decreased. Results from GEPIA suggested that PRR11 was up-regulated in breast 
cancer. Silencing PRR11 mediated by US showed a higher efficiency than by 
Lipofectamine 3000. SiPRR11 transfected by Lipofectamine 3000 suppressed cells 
growth and metastasis, while promoted cell apoptosis. Moreover, E-cadherin 
(E-cad) and Bax expressions were high but N-cadherin (N-cad), Snail and Bcl-2 
expressions were low. However, overexpressed PRR11 caused the opposite effects. 
More importantly, transfection of siPRR11 and PRR11 overexpression plasmid using 
US had a higher efficacy than using Lipofectamine 3000. US transfection of PRR11 
siRNA showed better effects on inhibiting breast cancer progression. The current 
findings contribute to a novel treatment for breast cancer.

© 2020 The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1042/BSR20201854
PMCID: PMC7607193
PMID: 33057583 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no competing 
interests associated with the manuscript.


701. Arch Toxicol. 2021 Jan;95(1):135-148. doi: 10.1007/s00204-020-02894-0. Epub 2020 
Oct 9.

Clioquinol inhibits dopamine-β-hydroxylase secretion and noradrenaline synthesis 
by affecting the redox status of ATOX1 and copper transport in human 
neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cells.

Katsuyama M(1), Kimura E(2), Ibi M(3), Iwata K(3), Matsumoto M(3), Asaoka N(3), 
Yabe-Nishimura C(3).

Author information:
(1)Radioisotope Center,, Kyoto Prefectural University of Medicine, 465 
Kajii-cho, Kamigyo-ku, Kyoto, 602-8566, Japan. mkatsuya@koto.kpu-m.ac.jp.
(2)Department of Clinical Research Support, Translational Medical Center, 
National Center of Neurology and Psychiatry, Kodaira, 187-8551, Japan.
(3)Department of Pharmacology, Kyoto Prefectural University of Medicine, Kyoto, 
602-8566, Japan.

Clioquinol (5-chloro-7-indo-8-quinolinol), a chelator and ionophore of 
copper/zinc, was extensively used as an amebicide to treat indigestion and 
diarrhea in the mid-1900s. However, it was withdrawn from the market in Japan 
because its use was epidemiologically linked to an increase in the incidence of 
subacute myelo-optic neuropathy (SMON). SMON is characterized by the subacute 
onset of sensory and motor disturbances in the lower extremities with occasional 
visual impairments, which are preceded by abdominal symptoms. Although 
pathological studies demonstrated axonopathy of the spinal cord and optic 
nerves, the underlying mechanisms of clioquinol toxicity have not been 
elucidated in detail. In the present study, a reporter assay revealed that 
clioquinol (20-50 µM) activated metal response element-dependent transcription 
in human neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cells. Clioquinol significantly increased the 
cellular level of zinc within 1 h, suggesting zinc influx due to its ionophore 
effects. On the other hand, clioquinol (20-50 µM) significantly increased the 
cellular level of copper within 24 h. Clioquinol (50 µM) induced the oxidation 
of the copper chaperone antioxidant 1 (ATOX1), suggesting its inactivation and 
inhibition of copper transport. The secretion of dopamine-β-hydroxylase (DBH) 
and lysyl oxidase, both of which are copper-dependent enzymes, was altered by 
clioquinol (20-50 µM). Noradrenaline levels were reduced by clioquinol 
(20-50 µM). Disruption of the ATOX1 gene suppressed the secretion of DBH. This 
study suggested that the disturbance of cellular copper transport by the 
inactivation of ATOX1 is one of the mechanisms involved in clioquinol-induced 
neurotoxicity in SMON.

DOI: 10.1007/s00204-020-02894-0
PMID: 33034664 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


702. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Front Oncol. 2020 Sep 9;10:1786. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2020.01786. eCollection 2020.

The Oncolytic Virus in Cancer Diagnosis and Treatment.

Cao GD(1), He XB(1), Sun Q(2), Chen S(1), Wan K(3), Xu X(1), Feng X(4), Li 
PP(5), Chen B(1), Xiong MM(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of General Surgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of Anhui Medical 
University, Hefei, China.
(2)Jiangsu Key Laboratory of Biological Cancer, Cancer Institute, Xuzhou Medical 
University, Xuzhou, China.
(3)Department of Oncology, Anhui Medical University, Hefei, China.
(4)Department of Infectious Disease, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China.
(5)Department of General Surgery, The First People's Hospital of Xiaoshan 
District, Hangzhou, China.

Retraction in
    Front Oncol. 2023 Nov 10;13:1320477. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2023.1320477.

Cancer has always been an enormous threat to human health and survival. Surgery, 
radiotherapy, and chemotherapy could improve the survival of cancer patients, 
but most patients with advanced cancer usually have a poor survival or could not 
afford the high cost of chemotherapy. The emergence of oncolytic viruses 
provided a new strategy for us to alleviate or even cure malignant tumors. An 
oncolytic virus can be described as a genetically engineered or naturally 
existing virus that can selectively replicate in cancer cells and then kill them 
without damaging the healthy cells. There have been many kinds of oncolytic 
viruses, such as herpes simplex virus, adenovirus, and Coxsackievirus. Moreover, 
they have different clinical applications in cancer treatment. This review 
focused on the clinical application of oncolytic virus and predicted the 
prospect by analyzing the advantages and disadvantages of oncolytic virotherapy.

Copyright © 2020 Cao, He, Sun, Chen, Wan, Xu, Feng, Li, Chen and Xiong.

DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2020.01786
PMCID: PMC7509414
PMID: 33014876

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the research was 
conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could 
be construed as a potential conflict of interest.


703. Folia Med (Plovdiv). 2020 Sep 30;62(3):462-467. doi: 10.3897/folmed.62.e49313.

How Effective is Superolateral Orbital Decompression in Cases of Drug-Resistant 
Graves&#39; Ophthalmopathy.

Shamov T(1), Eftimov T(1), Krasimirov G(1).

Author information:
(1)Military Medical Academy, Sofia, Bulgaria.

INTRODUCTION: Graves' ophthalmopathy (GO) is the most common and 
difficult-to-treat extrathyroidal symptom of Graves' disease. Though retraction 
of the upper eyelid is the most common clinical feature of GO, it can have a 
much more severe clinical manifesta-tion with symptoms such as conjunctival 
chemosis, keratopathy, extraocular muscle dysfunction, proptosis of the bulb and 
dysthyroid optic neuropathy. Treatment methods include control of the thyroid 
function, corticosteroid and immunosuppressive therapy as well as radiotherapy. 
These approaches are ineffective in one-third of cases, with patients being 
refractory to all aforementioned therapeutic modalities. In these cases, 
surgical decompression of the orbit is in order.The spectrum of surgical 
techniques is wide and varies from decompression of the lateral wall of the 
orbit to decompression via removal of all four orbital walls. The aim of the 
current study was to evaluate the results of superolateral orbital 
decompression.
PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study is retrospective and covers the period from 
January 2009 to January 2019. During that period eight patients with Graves' 
ophthalmopathy underwent surgery and were followed up in the Department of 
Neurosurgery in the Mili-tary Medical Academy, Sofia. The mean age of the 
patients was 57 years, with the youngest being 30 years old and the oldest - 74 
years old. The gender distribution was 1.6/1 with predominance in females (5 
women and 3 men). The surgical approach we used is a com-bination of lateral and 
upper orbitotomy and was described in detail by Al-Mefty. All of patients 
underwent ophthalmic examinations in the pre- and postoperative period, with 
special attention to their visual acuity, the condition of the eyelid and the 
width of the ocular slit. Exophthalmometry was obtained via Hertel's method. The 
participants in this study are followed for a period of six months after the 
operation.
RESULTS: All eight patients underwent superolateral orbitotomy. There were a 
total of ten orbital decompressions. Improvement of visual acuity and reduction 
of the proptosis were reported in all other surgically treated patients. The 
mean reported improvement of visual acuity (measured via Snellen's method) was 
0.27±0.17. The mean reported a reduction of proptosis was 7.53±2.58 mm.
CONCLUSIONS: Although the surgical techniques for orbital decompression we used 
have significant disadvantages, they remain the only alternative in order to 
avoid the complication of severe GO.

This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative 
Commons Attribution License (CC BY 4.0), which permits unrestricted use, 
distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and 
source are credited.

DOI: 10.3897/folmed.62.e49313
PMID: 33009740 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


704. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biol Res. 2020 Oct 2;53(1):44. doi: 10.1186/s40659-020-00306-2.

LncRNA HCG11 regulates proliferation and apoptosis of vascular smooth muscle 
cell through targeting miR-144-3p/FOXF1 axis in atherosclerosis.

Liu Y(1), Cui X(2), Wang C(1), Zhao S(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Clinical laboratory, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xi'an 
Jiaotong University, Xi'an, Shaanxi, 710061, China.
(2)Department of Clinical Laboratory, Weapon Industry 206 Hospital, Xi'an, 
Shaanxi, 710061, China.
(3)Laboratory Animal Center, Xi'an Jiaotong University School of Medicine, 
Xi'an, Shaanxi, 710061, China. sihai1569@126.com.

Retraction in
    Biol Res. 2021 Sep 9;54(1):29. doi: 10.1186/s40659-021-00352-4.

BACKGROUND: Atherosclerosis (AS) is the main pathological basis of coronary 
heart disease, cerebral infarction and peripheral vascular disease, which 
seriously endanger people's life and health. In recent years, long non-coding 
RNA (lncRNA) has been found to be involved in gene expression regulation, but 
the research on AS is still in the initial stage. In this study, we mainly 
studied the role of HCG11 in patients with AS. Quantitative Real-time Polymerase 
Chain Reaction (QRT-PCR) was used to detect the expression of HCG11 and miR-144 
in the serum of AS patients and healthy volunteers. Oxidation Low Lipoprotein 
(Ox-LDL), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and tumor necrosis factor α (TNF α) radiation 
were used to establish human vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMCs) in vitro 
model. Cell proliferation was determined by Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8) assay. 
The apoptosis rate was determined by flow cytometry (FACS) and terminal 
deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated dUTP-biotin nick end labeling assay 
(TUNEL) staining. The expression levels of Forkhead box protein F1 (FOXF1), B 
cell lymphoma-2 (Bcl-2) and BCL2-Associated X (Bax) were detected by qRT-PCR. 
Luciferase gene reporter and RNA pull down experiments confirmed the 
relationship between HCG11 and miR-144, miR-144 and FOXF1.
RESULTS: This study showed that HCG11 was significantly upregulated in patients 
with AS, while miR-144 was down-regulated in patients with AS. Ox-LDL and IL-6 
in VSMCs induced up-regulation of HCG11 and down-regulation of miR-144. 
Overexpression of HCG11 promoted the proliferation and inhibited apoptosis of 
VSMCs. Luciferase gene reporter gene assay showed that HCG11 could bind to 
miR-144, and miR-144 could bind to FOXF1. Overexpression of miR-144 reversed the 
effect of HCG11 on VSMCs.
CONCLUSIONS: LncRNA HCG11 regulates proliferation and apoptosis of vascular 
smooth muscle cell through targeting miR-144-3p/FOXF1 axis.

DOI: 10.1186/s40659-020-00306-2
PMCID: PMC7532112
PMID: 33008472 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


705. Front Oncol. 2020 Sep 2;10:550950. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2020.550950. eCollection 
2020.

Long-Term Results of Partial Breast Irradiation After Breast-Conserving Surgery 
for Early Stage Breast Cancer: A Prospective Phase II Trial in China.

Li Y(1), Shui L(2), Wang X(3), Sun Y(4), Zhong R(4), Shui P(5), Chen N(4).

Author information:
(1)Radiation Oncology, Lung Cancer Center and State Key Laboratory of Biotherapy 
West China Hospital, Sichuan University, Chengdu, China.
(2)Department of Medical Oncology, Cancer Center, West China Hospital, Sichuan 
University, Chengdu, China.
(3)Department of Breast Surgery, West China Hospital, Sichuan University, 
Chengdu, China.
(4)Radiation Oncology, Cancer Center and State Key Laboratory of Biotherapy, 
West China Hospital, Sichuan University, Chengdu, China.
(5)School of Pharmacy, Southwest Medical University, Luzhou, China.

BACKGROUND: Partial breast radiotherapy (PBI) has emerged as an option after 
breast-conserving surgery for early stage breast cancer patients.
METHODS: A total of 55 patients with early stage breast cancer between 2009 and 
2013 were enrolled in this single-institutional phase II prospective clinical 
trial. All patients received adjuvant PBI-IMRT after lumpectomy, with the 
prescription of 48 Gy in 12 fractions at 4 Gy per fraction, 5 days a week. The 
primary endpoint was ipsilateral breast tumor recurrence (IBTR), the other 
endpoints were a regional nodal failure (RNF), distant metastasis (DM) rate, 
disease-free survival (DFS), and overall survival (OS). These endpoints were 
used to evaluate clinical outcomes. The cosmetic effects and the late toxicity 
were assessed according to Harvard standard scale and CTCAE 3.0, respectively.
RESULTS: In our cohorts, the median age was 45.60 years old (range 31-65 years) 
and 29.09% of these patients were post-menopause (n = 16). Most patients were T1 
stage (65.45%) or N0 stage (70.91%). 80% of patients were ER-positive, 67.27% PR 
positive, and 61.82% HER2 negative. At the median follow-up of 9.25 years, RNF 
was 0% and IBTR occurred in only one patient (1.82%) to the chest wall. Except 
for one patient (1.82%) had DM to lung and pleura and died from disease 
progression, the remaining patients were alive at the end of the 10-year 
follow-up. The 10-year DFS and OS were 94.55 and 98.18%. One patient (1.82%) was 
diagnosed with endometrial cancer after PBI. Except for 9 patients who declined 
the cosmetic assessment, the rest of the 46 patients (83.64%) were all rated as 
good and well-satisfied with the appearance of the irradiated breast. No breast 
retraction and fibrosis were observed in any of the patients. Additionally, only 
4 patients experienced grade 1 late toxicity (7.28%). None had grade 3 or higher 
late toxicity.
CONCLUSION: This is the first study to report the 10-year results of PBI after 
breast-conserving surgery in Chinese patients. Our study suggested that PBI had 
durable local control and maintained good cosmetic outcomes with minimal late 
toxicity at long term follow up for the early stage breast cancer patients.

Copyright © 2020 Li, Shui, Wang, Sun, Zhong, Shui and Chen.

DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2020.550950
PMCID: PMC7492676
PMID: 32984062


706. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Manag Res. 2020 Sep 14;12:8465-8479. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S254815. 
eCollection 2020.

Circ_0007031 Serves as a Sponge of miR-760 to Regulate the Growth and 
Chemoradiotherapy Resistance of Colorectal Cancer via Regulating DCP1A.

Wang Y(#)(1)(2), Wang H(#)(3), Zhang J(2), Chu Z(2), Liu P(2), Zhang X(2), Li 
C(2), Gu X(1).

Author information:
(1)Academy of Medical Engineering and Translational Medicine, Tianjin 
University, Tianjin, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of General Surgery, Hebei Key Laboratory of Colorectal Cancer 
Precision Diagnosis and Treatment, The First Hospital of Hebei Medical 
University, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Pharmacy, Third Hospital of Hebei Medical University, 
Shijiazhuang, Hebei, People's Republic of China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Cancer Manag Res. 2021 Feb 09;13:1187. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S304217.

BACKGROUND: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is a kind of malignant tumor, and the 
development of chemoradiotherapy resistance (CRR) increases the difficulty of 
its treatment. The role of circular RNAs (circRNAs) in cancer progression has 
been well documented. Nevertheless, the function of circ_0007031 in the growth 
and CRR of CRC has not been well elucidated.
METHODS: CRR cell lines were constructed using 5-Fu and radiation. Cell counting 
kit 8 (CCK8) assay was employed to measure the 5-Fu resistance and proliferation 
of cells. Clonogenic assay was used to evaluate the radiation resistance of 
cells. Also, the expression of circ_0007031 and microRNA-760 (miR-760) was 
determined using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). The 
cell cycle distribution and apoptosis of cells were assessed by flow cytometry. 
Besides, the levels of apoptosis-related protein and mRNA-decapping enzyme 1a 
(DCP1A) protein were measured by Western blot (WB) analysis. Further, 
dual-luciferase reporter assay and RNA immunoprecipitation (RIP) assay were used 
to confirm the interaction between miR-760 and circ_0007031 or DCP1A. In 
addition, animal experiments were performed to evaluate the function of silenced 
circ_0007031 on the 5-Fu and radiation resistance of CRC tumors.
RESULTS: Circ_0007031 expression was markedly increased in CRC tissues and 
cells, especially in CRC resistant cells. Circ_0007031 knockdown hindered 
proliferation, induced cell cycle arrest in the G0/G1 phase, enhanced apoptosis, 
and lowered the CRR of CRC resistant cells. Further, miR-760 could be targeted 
by circ_0007031, and its inhibitor could reverse the inhibition effect of 
circ_0007031 knockdown on the growth and CRR of CRC resistant cells. Moreover, 
DCP1A was a target of miR-760, and its overexpression could invert the 
suppression effect of miR-760 overexpression on the growth and CRR of CRC 
resistant cells. Circ_0007031 silencing could enhance the sensitivity of CRC 
tumors to 5-Fu and radiation to markedly reduce CRC tumor growth in vivo.
CONCLUSION: Circ_0007031 might play a positive role in the CRR of CRC through 
regulating the miR-760/DCP1A axis, which might provide a new approach for 
treating the CRR of CRC.

© 2020 Wang et al.

DOI: 10.2147/CMAR.S254815
PMCID: PMC7500843
PMID: 32982440

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


707. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Manag Res. 2020 Sep 10;12:8363-8377. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S271021. 
eCollection 2020.

Long Non-Coding RNA DARS-AS1 Contributes to Prostate Cancer Progression Through 
Regulating the MicroRNA-628-5p/MTDH Axis.

Fan H(1), Hou J(2), Liu S(3), Xiao Z(4), Cui J(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Urology, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, Changchun, 
Jilin 130041, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Oncology & Radiotherapy, Qingdao Central Medical Group, 
Qingdao, Shandong 266000, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Outpatient, Qingdao Special Service Sanatorium of PLA Navy, 
Qingdao, Shandong 266071, People's Republic of China.
(4)Department of Clinical Laboratory, Jinan Jigang Hospital, Jinan, Shandong 
250101, People's Republic of China.
(5)Department of Oncology, The Second Hospital of Dalian Medical University, 
Dalian, Liaoning 116023, People's Republic of China.

Retraction in
    Cancer Manag Res. 2022 Aug 04;14:2309-2310. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S384676.

PURPOSE: DARS antisense RNA 1 (DARS-AS1) is a long non-coding RNA that has been 
validated as a critical regulator in several human cancer types. Our study aimed 
to determine the expression profile of DARS-AS1 in prostate cancer (PCa) tissues 
and cell lines. Functional experiments were conducted to explore the detailed 
roles of DARS-AS1 in regulating PCa carcinogenesis. Furthermore, the detailed 
mechanisms by which DARS-AS1 regulates the oncogenicity of PCa cells were 
uncovered.
METHODS: Reverse transcription quantitative polymerase chain reaction was 
performed to analyze DARS-AS1 expression in PCa tissues and cell lines. Cell 
Counting Kit-8 assays, flow cytometry analyses, Transwell assays, and tumor 
xenograft experiments were conducted to determine the regulatory effects of 
DARS-AS1 knockdown on the malignant phenotype of PCa cells. Bioinformatics 
analysis was performed to identify putative microRNAs (miRNAs) targeting 
DARS-AS1, and the direct interaction between DARS-AS1 and miR-628-5p was 
verified using RNA immunoprecipitation and luciferase reporter assays.
RESULTS: DARS-AS1 was highly expressed in PCa tissues and cell lines. In vitro 
functional experiments demonstrated that DARS-AS1 depletion suppressed PCa cell 
proliferation, promoted cell apoptosis, and restricted cell migration and 
invasion. In vivo studies revealed that the downregulation of DARS-AS1 inhibited 
PCa tumor growth in nude mice. Mechanistic investigation verified that DARS-AS1 
functioned as an endogenous miR-628-5p sponge in PCa cells and consequently 
promoted the expression of metadherin (MTDH). Furthermore, the involvement of 
miR-628-5p/MTDH axis in DARS-AS1-mediated regulatory actions in PCa cells was 
verified using rescue experiments.
CONCLUSION: DARS-AS1 functioned as a competing endogenous RNA in PCa by 
adsorbing miR-628-5p and thereby increasing the expression of MTDH, resulting in 
enhanced PCa progression. The identification of a novel DARS-AS1/miR-628-5p/MTDH 
regulatory network in PCa cells may offer a new theoretical basis for the 
development of promising therapeutic targets.

© 2020 Fan et al.

DOI: 10.2147/CMAR.S271021
PMCID: PMC7490096
PMID: 32982430

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


708. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Leuk Res. 2020 Nov;98:106443. doi: 10.1016/j.leukres.2020.106443. Epub 2020 Sep 
22.

Low-dose radiotherapy (2×2 g) versus low doses and rituximab in the treatment of 
marginal zone b-cell lymphoma previously untreated.

Aviles A(1), Cleto S(2).

Author information:
(1)Oncology Research Unit, Departament of Hematology, Oncology Hospital, 
National Medical Center Unit, Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social, México DF, 
Mexico. Electronic address: mirandaolder73@gmail.com.
(2)Oncology Research Unit, Departament of Hematology, Oncology Hospital, 
National Medical Center Unit, Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social, México DF, 
Mexico.

Retraction in
    Leuk Res. 2022 Jul;118:106855. doi: 10.1016/j.leukres.2022.106855.

Radiotherapy (RT)is considered the treatment of choice in patients with 
Extra-nodal marginal zone lymphoma (EMZL) at early stage, but the presence of 
late toxicities has been limited the acceptance. Recently, low doses of RT LDR) 
(2 x 2 Gy) and the use of limited fields has been observed that retain the 
efficacy but eliminate toxicities; rituximab is considered as a single agent 
useful in these setting of patients. Thus, we conducted a open label study to 
evaluate the use of LDR compared with LDR and rituximab, in a large number of 
patients without previous treatment.
METHODS: Patients with pathological diagnosis or(EMZL)), stage I, without 
previous treatment, were allocated in a proportion 1:1 to received LDR) that 
were compared with a group that received LDR and rituximab.
RESULTS: One hundred and fourteen patients were recruit ; overall response rate 
and complete response were : 58(98.3%) and 54 (96.4 %)in patients whose 
respectively in LDR that were no statistical different to the observed in the 
LDR + R arm: 53 (96.3%) and 51 (92.75 %) respectively. Actuarial curves at 
5-years show that progression-free survival in LDR arm were: 98.4% (95% 
Confidence interval (CI): 93%-108%) and OS were 97.2% (95%CI: 92%-110%), that 
did no show statistical difference with the LDR-R arm: 96.4% (95%CI: 90%-110%), 
and 98.5%(95%CI:92%-107%) respectively. Univariate analysis did not show any 
statistical differences in the analysis of prognostic factors. Acute and late 
toxicities were not observed.
CONCLUSION: We conclude that LDR will be considered as the treatment of choice 
in patients with EMZL, in early stage, localized in head and neck anatomical 
sites; because response and outcome were excellent, without any toxicity, 
addition of rituximab did not improve results and outcome.

Copyright © 2020. Published by Elsevier Ltd.

DOI: 10.1016/j.leukres.2020.106443
PMID: 32980580 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


709. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Eur J Pharmacol. 2020 Dec 15;889:173605. doi: 10.1016/j.ejphar.2020.173605. Epub 
2020 Sep 24.

Evaluation of the treatment strategies on patient-derived xenograft mice of 
human breast tumor.

Khalighfard S(1), Alizadeh AM(2), Poorkhani A(3), Motahari M(4), Tahmasebifar 
A(4), Omranipour R(5), Keshavarz P(6), Haddad P(1).

Author information:
(1)Radiation Oncology Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran.
(2)Breast Disease Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran; Cancer Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran. Electronic address: aalizadeh@sina.tums.ac.ir.
(3)Clinical Research Development Unit (CRDU), Sayad Shirazi Hospital, Golestan 
University of Medical Sciences, Gorgan, Iran.
(4)Ischemic Disorders Research Center, Golestan University of Medical Sciences, 
Gorgan, Iran.
(5)Breast Disease Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran.
(6)Department of Radiology, Tbilisi State Medical University (TSMU), Tbilisi, 
Georgia.

Retraction in
    Eur J Pharmacol. 2024 Apr 15;969:176350. doi: 10.1016/j.ejphar.2024.176350.

Since only a minority of patients may respond to single-agent therapies, methods 
to test the potential antitumor activity of rational combination therapies are 
still needed. This study aimed to characterize the efficacy of antitumor 
combination therapies in vivo within the primary tumor using patient-derived 
xenograft (PDX) models by gamma-irradiation-induced immune suppression. We 
employed four Luminal A PDX models obtained from human mammary tumors grown in 
mice. PDX models were implanted into the right flank of mice, and treatments 
have ensued once tumor volume reached ~150 mm3. Four of the active drugs- 
Adriamycin, Cyclophosphamide, Taxotere, and Tamoxifen-were tested in vivo to 
treat mammary tumors. The tumor volume was measured during the study. The mice's 
immune system was inherently suppressed by gamma irradiation, thus allowing 
human tumors to grow. The results showed that the tumorigenesis rate of the PDX 
model was from 65 to 80%. PDX models were successfully established with a high 
frequency of tumor engraftment. Humanized mice treated with a two-drug regimen, 
that is, adriamycin + cyclophosphamide exhibited an increased antitumor response 
than a three-drug regimen, that is, adriamycin + cyclophosphamide + taxotere 
that correlated with tumor growth inhibition. Combination therapies with 
adriamycin + cyclophosphamide in PDX mice reduced tumor growth in four Luminal A 
PDX models. These preclinical results suggest that a two-drug regimen than a 
three-drug regimen can be useful for breast cancer patients. This study provides 
insights for future studies combining chemotherapeutics with targeted therapies 
using PDX models by gamma-irradiation-induced immune suppression.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ejphar.2020.173605
PMID: 32980347 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


710. J Photochem Photobiol B. 2020 Nov;212:112018. doi: 
10.1016/j.jphotobiol.2020.112018. Epub 2020 Sep 5.

Red light-emitting diode treatment improves tissue recovery in DSS-induced 
colitis in mice.

de Paula-Silva M(1), Broering MF(1), Scharf P(1), da Rocha GHO(1), Farsky S(1), 
Lino-Dos-Santos-Franco A(2).

Author information:
(1)Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of São Paulo, Brazil.
(2)Post-Graduate Program in Biophotonics Applied to Health Sciences, University 
Nove de Julho (UNINOVE), São Paulo, Brazil. Electronic address: 
alsantosfranco@gmail.com.

Inflammatory bowel diseases are debilitating illnesses characterized by severe 
inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract. Treatments currently available are 
expensive and ineffective. We here investigated the role of red-light emitting 
diode (LED) on dextran sodium sulfate (DSS)-induced colitis. DSS was added to 
the drinking water of male mice at days 0, 2, 4 and withdrawn at day 6. LED 
irradiation was performed daily for 90s from day 6 to 9 on the right and left 
sides of the ventral surface and beside the external anal region. LED treatment 
decreased the amount of crypt dysplasia/edema, inflammatory infiltrates and 
ulcers, attenuated apoptosis and increased proliferation of crypt cells. Also, 
LED treatment induced expression of annexin A1 in the damaged epithelium, 
preserved the organization of claudin-1 and skewed cytokine profiling towards a 
more anti-inflammatory status. Thus, LED treatment promotes structural 
protection and modulates the inflammatory response, constituting a potential 
non-invasive and low-cost combined therapy to help patients achieve disease 
remission.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jphotobiol.2020.112018
PMID: 32957067 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


711. RETRACTED ARTICLE

ACS Omega. 2020 Sep 2;5(36):22840-22846. doi: 10.1021/acsomega.0c02072. 
eCollection 2020 Sep 15.

Nanostructured Lipid Carriers Delivering Sorafenib to Enhance Immunotherapy 
Induced by Doxorubicin for Effective Esophagus Cancer Therapy.

Wang JY(1), Song YQ(1), Peng J(1), Luo HL(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, The Affiliated Huaian No. 1 People's 
Hospital of Nanjing Medical University, No. 25 South Beijing Road, Huai'an, 
Jiangsu 223300, China.

Retraction in
    ACS Omega. 2021 Jul 19;6(29):19342. doi: 10.1021/acsomega.1c02888.

The tumor microenvironment (TME) plays a significant role in weakening the 
effect of cancer immunotherapy, which calls for the remodeling of TME. Herein, 
we fabricated a nanostructured lipid carrier (NLC) to codeliver doxorubicin 
(Dox) and sorafenib (Sfn) as a drug delivery system (NLC/D-S). The Sfn was 
expected to regulate the TME of esophagus cancer. As a result, the immune 
response induced by Dox-related immunogenicity cell death could be fully 
realized. Our results demonstrated that Sfn was able to remodel the TME through 
downregulation of regulatory T cells (Treg), activation of effector T cells, and 
relieving of PD-1 expression, which achieved synergistic effect on the 
inhibition of primary tumor but also subsequent strong immune response on the 
regeneration of distant tumor.

Copyright © 2020 American Chemical Society.

DOI: 10.1021/acsomega.0c02072
PMCID: PMC7495447
PMID: 32954132

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing financial 
interest.


712. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Cycle. 2020 Oct;19(19):2519-2529. doi: 10.1080/15384101.2020.1809259. Epub 
2020 Sep 16.

LncRNA KCNQ1OT1 inhibits the radiosensitivity and promotes the tumorigenesis of 
hepatocellular carcinoma via the miR-146a-5p/ACER3 axis.

Yang G(1), Zhou L(1), Xu Q(1), Meng F(1), Wan Y(1), Meng X(1), Wang L(1), Zhang 
L(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Geriatric Surgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xi'an 
Jiaotong University , Xi'an, China.

Retraction in
    Cell Cycle. 2023 Mar-Mar;22(6):738. doi: 10.1080/15384101.2023.2171200.

Expression of concern in
    Cell Cycle. 2021 Dec;20(24):2673. doi: 10.1080/15384101.2021.1973200.

Update in
    Cell Cycle. 2021 Dec;20(24):2673. doi: 10.1080/15384101.2021.1973200.

Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is the third leading cause of cancer-related 
death, and radiotherapy is currently one of the main treatments. Long non-coding 
RNAs (lncRNAs) are associated with the radiosensitivity and tumorigenesis of 
HCC. However, the role and molecular mechanism of potassium voltage-gated 
channel subfamily Q member 1 overlapping transcript 1 (KCNQ1OT1) in HCC are 
still unclear. The relative expression of KCNQ1OT1, microRNA-146a-5p 
(miR-146a-5p) and alkaline ceramidase 3 (ACER3) was quantified by quantitative 
real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Cell proliferation was measured 
by 3-(4, 5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2, 5-diphenyl tetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay. 
Clonogenic assay was used to assess the radiosensitivity of cells. Cell 
apoptosis and metastasis were evaluated by flow cytometry and transwell assays, 
respectively. The protein levels of apoptosis markers, metastasis markers and 
ACER3 were detected by western blot (WB) analysis. The relationship between 
miR-146a-5p and KCNQ1OT1 or ACER3 was determined by dual-luciferase reporter 
assay. Additionally, animal experiments were carried out to explore the effect 
of KCNQ1OT1 silencing on HCC tumor growth in vivo. KCNQ1OT1 was highly expressed 
in HCC, and its knockdown hindered the proliferation and metastasis, while 
increased the radiosensitivity and apoptosis of HCC cells. MiR-146a-5p could 
interact with KCNQ1OT1, and its inhibition reversed the effects of 
silenced-KCNQ1OT1 on the radiosensitivity and tumorigenesis of HCC cells. 
Besides, ACER3 was a target of miR-146a-5p, and its overexpression inversed the 
effects of miR-146a-5p mimic on the radiosensitivity and tumorigenesis of HCC 
cells. The expression of ACER3 was regulated by KCNQ1OT1 and miR-146a-5p. 
Furthermore, KCNQ1OT1 also could reduce the growth of HCC by regulating the 
miR-146a-5p/ACER3 axis in vivo. Our study suggested that KCNQ1OT1 improved ACER3 
expression to regulate the radiosensitivity and tumorigenesis of HCC through 
sponging miR-146a-5p, indicating that KCNQ1OT1 might be a new therapeutic target 
for HCC.

DOI: 10.1080/15384101.2020.1809259
PMCID: PMC7553536
PMID: 32936716 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: No potential conflict of interest was reported 
by the authors.


713. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Oncol (Dordr). 2021 Feb;44(1):179-192. doi: 10.1007/s13402-020-00560-2. 
Epub 2020 Sep 15.

Long non-coding RNA SNHG3, induced by IL-6/STAT3 transactivation, promotes stem 
cell-like properties of gastric cancer cells by regulating the miR-3619-5p/ARL2 
axis.

Sun B(#)(1)(2), Han Y(#)(1)(2), Cai H(3)(4), Huang H(5)(6), Xuan Y(7)(8).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gastric Surgery, Fudan University Shanghai Cancer Center, No. 
270 Dongan Road, 200032, Shanghai, China.
(2)Department of Oncology, Shanghai Medical College, Fudan University, 200032, 
Shanghai, China.
(3)Department of Gastric Surgery, Fudan University Shanghai Cancer Center, No. 
270 Dongan Road, 200032, Shanghai, China. caihong450@hotmail.com.
(4)Department of Oncology, Shanghai Medical College, Fudan University, 200032, 
Shanghai, China. caihong450@hotmail.com.
(5)Department of Gastric Surgery, Fudan University Shanghai Cancer Center, No. 
270 Dongan Road, 200032, Shanghai, China. huahuang@fudan.edu.cn.
(6)Department of Oncology, Shanghai Medical College, Fudan University, 200032, 
Shanghai, China. huahuang@fudan.edu.cn.
(7)Department of Gastric Surgery, Fudan University Shanghai Cancer Center, No. 
270 Dongan Road, 200032, Shanghai, China. xuanyi0118@126.com.
(8)Department of Oncology, Shanghai Medical College, Fudan University, 200032, 
Shanghai, China. xuanyi0118@126.com.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Cell Oncol (Dordr). 2022 Feb;45(1):199. doi: 10.1007/s13402-022-00662-z.

BACKGROUND: Chemotherapy is, next to surgery and radiotherapy, the mainstay 
regimen for the clinical management of gastric cancer. This therapy is, however, 
heavily compromised by the acquisition of resistance. Here, we aimed to clarify 
the potential involvement of long non-coding RNA SNGH3 in the acquisition of 
cisplatin resistance and stemness in gastric cancer.
METHODS: Cell viability and proliferation were measured using Cell Counting 
Kit-8 and colony formation assays, respectively. Stem cell-like cell growth was 
evaluated using a mammosphere formation assay. RNA levels of SNHG2, OCT-4, 
SOX-2, CD44, miR-3619-5p and ARL2 were determined using qRT-PCR, whereas protein 
levels of OCT-4, SOX-2, CD44, ARL2, STAT3 and pSTAT3 were determined using 
Western blotting. Dual luciferase reporter assays were employed to interrogate 
regulatory interactions between STAT3, SNHG3, miR-3619-5p and ARL2, 
respectively. Direct binding of STAT3 to the SNHG3 promoter was investigated 
using a chromatin immunoprecipitation assay.
RESULTS: We found that IL-6 triggered stem cell-like properties in 
cisplatin-treated gastric cancer cells and activated STAT3, which in turn 
transcriptionally regulated SNHG3 expression. SNHG3 expression up-regulation 
positively correlated with cisplatin resistance and stemness of gastric cancer 
cells, while SNHG3 down-regulation inhibited stem cell-like properties. In 
addition, we found that SNHG3 up-regulated ARL2 expression through sponging 
miR-3619-5p, which predominantly mediated the oncogenic properties of SNHG3 in 
this disease.
CONCLUSIONS: Our data indicate an involvement of aberrant SNHG3 over-expression 
in the acquisition of both cisplatin resistance and stemness of gastric cancer 
cells, and of the IL-6/STAT3/SNHG3/miR-3619-5p/ARL2 signaling cascade in the 
oncogenic properties of SNHG3.

DOI: 10.1007/s13402-020-00560-2
PMID: 32930970 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


714. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Clin Nutr. 2021 Mar;40(3):1376-1380. doi: 10.1016/j.clnu.2020.08.028. Epub 2020 
Sep 1.

High protein diet improves the overall survival in older adults with advanced 
gastrointestinal cancer.

Pimentel GD(1), Pichard C(2), Laviano A(3), Fernandes RC(4).

Author information:
(1)Clinical and Sports Nutrition Research Laboratory (Labince), Faculty of 
Nutrition, Federal University of Goias, Goiânia, GO, Brazil. Electronic address: 
gupimentel@yahoo.com.br.
(2)Clinical Nutrition, Geneva University Hospital, Geneva, Switzerland.
(3)Department of Translational and Precision Medicine, Sapienza University of 
Rome, Rome, Italy.
(4)Clinical and Sports Nutrition Research Laboratory (Labince), Faculty of 
Nutrition, Federal University of Goias, Goiânia, GO, Brazil.

Erratum in
    Clin Nutr. 2021 Apr;40(4):1441. doi: 10.1016/j.clnu.2021.02.042.

Retraction in
    Clin Nutr. 2024 Oct;43(10):2473. doi: 10.1016/j.clnu.2022.04.021.

Comment in
    Clin Nutr. 2022 Jan;41(1):266-267. doi: 10.1016/j.clnu.2021.11.003.
    Clin Nutr. 2022 Jan;41(1):268. doi: 10.1016/j.clnu.2021.11.025.

BACKGROUND: High protein diet (HDP) promotes improvement of lean body mass in 
elderly without cancer; but the impact of high protein intake on muscle strength 
and mortality in cancer patients remains to be elucidated. This study evaluates 
the association between HPD on handgrip strength (HGS) and survival in older 
adults outpatients with advanced gastrointestinal cancer.
METHODS: Ninety-one patients with advanced gastrointestinal cancer (>65% tumor 
stage III-IV) undergoing radiotherapy, chemotherapy or surgery were enrolled. 
Upon first oncological visit, tumor stage was assessed by a physician. Then, a 
nutritionist or a dietitian measured the body mass index (BMI), HGS by means of 
a dynamometer, and dietary food intake by using 24h food recall. Patients were 
stratified in HPD (i.e, ≥1.5 g/kg/d) or low protein diet (LPD: <1.5 g/kg/d). 
Kaplan-Meier curve was used to assess the survival since the cancer diagnosis.
RESULTS: HPD was reported by approximately 30% of patients. Protein intake was 
significantly higher in HPD vs LPD patients (2.2 ± 0.8 vs. 0.8 ± 0.4 g/kg/d, 
respectively; p < 0.0001). No significant association was found between HPD and 
HGS, even after adjustment for physical activity, alcohol intake, smoking, sex, 
age, tumor stage, oncologic treatment and BMI (OR: 0.97 [95%CI: 0.88-1.08], 
p = 0.64), or for energy intake kcal/kg/day, leucine g/d and lipids g/d (OR: 
0.93 [95%CI: 0.85-1.03, p = 0.19]. In addition, HPD group showed higher overall 
survival than LPD group (HPD: 14.7 vs. LPD: 7.3 months, p = 0.04).
CONCLUSION: HPD is not associated with better muscle function as measured by 
HGS, but with overall survival in older adults outpatients with advanced 
gastrointestinal cancer. HPD may represent a strategy to mitigate the 
cancer-induced mortality and should be further explored.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and 
Metabolism. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.clnu.2020.08.028
PMID: 32919817 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest The authors declare that 
they do not have conflict of interest.


715. Am J Cancer Res. 2020 Aug 1;10(8):2689. eCollection 2020.

Aberrant miR-1246 expression promotes radioresistance in non-small cell lung 
cancer: a potential prognostic biomarker and radiotherapy sensitization target 
[Retraction].

[No authors listed]

Retraction of
    Am J Cancer Res. 2020 Jan 01;10(1):314-335.

[This retracts the article on p. 314 in vol. 10, PMID: 32064170.].

AJCR Copyright © 2020.

PMCID: PMC7471373
PMID: 32905510


716. Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2020 Aug;24(16):8246. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202008_22587.

Knockdown of long noncoding RNA DLX6-AS1 inhibits migration and invasion of 
thyroid cancer cells by upregulating UPF1.

Zhong ZB(1), Wu YJ, Luo JN, Hu XN, Yuan ZN, Li G, Wang YW, Yao GD, Ge XF.

Author information:
(1)Department of Head and Neck Cancer Radiation Therapy, Harbin Medical 
University Cancer Hospital, Harbin, China.

Retraction of
    Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2019 Dec;23(24):10867-10873. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_201912_19790.

Since this article has been suspected of research misconduct and the 
corresponding authors did not respond to our request to prove originality of 
data and figures, "Knockdown of long noncoding RNA DLX6-AS1 inhibits migration 
and invasion of thyroid cancer cells by upregulating UPF1, by Z.-B. Zhong, Y.-J. 
Wu, J.-N. Luo, X.-N. Hu, Z.-N. Yuan, G. Li, Y.-W. Wang, G.-D. Yao, X.-F. Ge, 
published in Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci 2019; 23(24): 10867-10873-DOI: 
10.26355/eurrev_201912_19790-PMID: 31858555" has been withdrawn. The Publisher 
apologizes for any inconvenience this may cause. 
https://www.europeanreview.org/article/19790.

DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_202008_22587
PMID: 32894527


717. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Expert Opin Drug Discov. 2021 Feb;16(2):119-124. doi: 
10.1080/17460441.2020.1811671. Epub 2020 Sep 6.

What are the practical, ethical, and pathobiological considerations in the use 
of minipigs as an animal model in drug discovery for acute radiation syndrome 
and delayed effects of acute radiation exposure?

Kenchegowda D(1)(2), Seed TM(3), Singh VK(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Division of Radioprotectants, Department of Pharmacology and Molecular 
Therapeutics, F. Edward Hébert School of Medicine, Uniformed Services University 
of the Health Sciences , Bethesda, MD, USA.
(2)Armed Forces Radiobiology Research Institute, Uniformed Services University 
of the Health Sciences , Bethesda, MD, USA.
(3)Tech Micro Services , Bethesda, MD, USA.

Retraction in
    Expert Opin Drug Discov. 2021 Sep;16(9):i. doi: 
10.1080/17460441.2021.1971842.

DOI: 10.1080/17460441.2020.1811671
PMID: 32892657 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


718. Lin Chuang Er Bi Yan Hou Tou Jing Wai Ke Za Zhi. 2020 Apr;34(4):334-337. doi: 
10.13201/j.issn.2096-7993.2020.04.011.

[Therapeutic outcome and complication management of grommet insertion for 
radiotherapy induced otitis media with effusion].

[Article in Chinese; Abstract available in Chinese from the publisher]

Lei L(1), Wang D(1), Hao X(1), Ma X(1), Li Y(1), Zhao S(1), Zheng J(1), Han 
D(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery，Beijing Tongren 
Hospital，Capital Medical University，Beijing，100730，China.

Objective:To evaluate the therapeutic outcome and complication of grommet 
insertion for cancer patients in head and neck suffering from otitis media with 
effusion following radiotherapy. Method:Retrospectively analyze the clinical 
data of grommet insertion in patients with head and neck cancer suffering from 
otitis media with effusion following radiotherapy. Result:Fifty-five ears in 33 
cases of cancer patients in head and neck with otitis media with effusion 
following radiotherapy had been performed grommet insertion. All patients were 
revisited seven days after operation, the phonetic frequency hearing in 55 ears 
had been improved in various degrees, and on average, it was increased 20.79 dB 
compared to that prior to the procedure. Sensation of the ear fullness had been 
disappeared in all the ears; the symptoms of tinnitus and headache were relieved 
in 80% of the patients. However, postoperative complications occurred in 
67.3%（37/55） of the ears, including: ventilation tube falling out in 11（20%） 
ears, all of which had been re-catheterized; otorrhea in 10（18.2%） ears, which 
were healed after antibiotic treatment; Ventilation tube occlusion in 9（16.4%） 
ears, and they were recanalized after 5% sodium bicarbonate ear drops treatment; 
tympanic membrane retraction in 4（7.3%） ears, which were restored after 
eustachian tube blowing; eardrum perforation in 2（3.6%） ears without further 
treatment; the ventilation tube sliding into the tympanic cavity in 1（1.8%） ear, 
which was removed by surgery. The grommet was inserted more than twice in 
31（56.4%） ears because of complications or recurrence of symptoms after grommet 
was removed. Conclusion:The grommet insertion is used for the treatment of 
radiotherapy-induced otitis media with effusion, which can improve the hearing 
and relieve the discomfort symptoms in ear in such patients. However, the 
incidence of postoperative complications is high and should be actively 
prevented to improve the therapeutic effect.

Publisher: 目的：评价鼓膜置管术治疗放射性分泌性中耳炎的疗效，分析并发症的原因及其防治方法。 
方法：回顾性分析实施鼓膜置管术治疗33例（55耳）放射性分泌性中耳炎患者的临床资料。 结果：术后7 d复诊，55耳语频听阈均有不同程度提高，平均提高20.79 
dB；所有患者耳闷胀感消失，80%的患者耳鸣、头痛症状缓解。术后并发症发生率达67.3％（37／55），包括：通气管脱落11耳（20％），均再次置管；耳漏10耳（18.2％），用抗生素治疗后干耳；通气管阻塞9耳（16.4％），经5%碳酸氢钠滴耳剂治疗后再通；鼓膜内陷粘连4耳（7.3％），行咽鼓管吹张治疗好转；鼓膜穿孔2耳（3.6%），未予处理；通气管内侧移位1耳（1.8％），鼓室手术取出通气管。因并发症或取管后症状发作，行2次以上再置管术31耳（56.4%）。 
结论：鼓膜置管术治疗放射性分泌性中耳炎，可以改善患者的听力和缓解耳部不适症状，但术后并发症较多，应积极防治，以提高治疗效果。.

Copyright© by the Editorial Department of Journal of Clinical 
Otorhinolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery.

DOI: 10.13201/j.issn.2096-7993.2020.04.011
PMCID: PMC10127755
PMID: 32842227 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors of this article and the planning 
committee members and staff have no relevant financial relationships with 
commercial interests to disclose.


719. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Thorac Cancer. 2021 Feb;12(3):409. doi: 10.1111/1759-7714.13602. Epub 2020 Aug 
25.

Retracted: Long non-coding RNA TP73-AS1 facilitates progression and 
radioresistance in lung cancer cells by the miR-216a-5p/CUL4B axis with exosome 
involvement.

Qiu H(1)(2), Zhang L(2), Yi T(2), Yang K(2), Gong Y(3), Xie C(1)(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation and Medical Oncology, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan 
University, Wuhan, China.
(2)Xiangyang Central Hospital, Affiliated Hospital of Hubei University of Arts 
and Science, Xiangyang, China.
(3)Department of Biological Repositories, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, 
Wuhan, China.
(4)Hubei Key Laboratory of Tumor Biological Behaviors, Zhongnan Hospital of 
Wuhan University, Wuhan, China.
(5)Hubei Cancer Clinical Study Center, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, 
Wuhan, China.

Retraction in
    10.1111/1759-7714.13602.

Retraction: Qiu, H., Zhang, L., Yi, T., Yang, K., Gong, Y. and Xie, C. (2020), 
Long non-coding RNA TP73-AS1 facilitates progression and radioresistance in lung 
cancer cells by the miR-216a-5p/CUL4B axis with exosome involvement. Thorac 
Cancer. https://doi.org/10.1111/1759-7714.13602 The above article, published 
online on 25 August 2020 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com), has 
been retracted by agreement among the authors, the journal Editor in Chief 
Qinghua Zhou, and John Wiley & Sons Ltd. The retraction has been agreed after 
the results reported in Figures 3B, 3C, 3I, and 3J were found to be not 
repeatable in authors' further study.

© 2020 The Authors. Thoracic Cancer published by China Lung Oncology Group and 
John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/1759-7714.13602
PMCID: PMC7862789
PMID: 32841514


720. J Nucl Cardiol. 2022 Apr;29(2):663-676. doi: 10.1007/s12350-020-02317-8. Epub 
2020 Aug 20.

Prototype device for endoventricular beta-emitting radiotracer detection and 
molecularly-guided intervention.

Stendahl JC(1), Liu Z(2), Boutagy NE(1), Nataneli E(3), Daghighian F(3), Sinusas 
AJ(4)(5)(6).

Author information:
(1)Section of Cardiovascular Medicine, Department of Medicine, Yale 
Translational Research Imaging Center, Yale University School of Medicine, New 
Haven, CT, 06520, USA.
(2)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Yale University, School of Engineering 
and Applied Science, New Haven, CT, 06520, USA.
(3)IntraMedical Imaging, LLC, 12569 Crenshaw Blvd, Hawthorne, CA, 90250, USA.
(4)Section of Cardiovascular Medicine, Department of Medicine, Yale 
Translational Research Imaging Center, Yale University School of Medicine, New 
Haven, CT, 06520, USA. albert.sinusas@yale.edu.
(5)Department of Radiology and Biomedical Imaging, Yale University School of 
Medicine, P.O. Box 208017, Dana 3, New Haven, CT, 06520-8017, USA. 
albert.sinusas@yale.edu.
(6)Department of Biomedical Engineering, Yale University, School of Engineering 
and Applied Science, New Haven, CT, 06520, USA. albert.sinusas@yale.edu.

Comment in
    J Nucl Cardiol. 2022 Apr;29(2):677-679. doi: 10.1007/s12350-020-02379-8.

BACKGROUND: We have set out to develop a catheter-based theranostic system that: 
(a) identifies diseased and at-risk myocardium via endocardial detection of 
systemically delivered β-emitting radiotracers and (b) utilizes molecular 
signals to guide delivery of therapeutics to appropriate tissue via direct 
intramyocardial injection.
METHODS: Our prototype device consists of a miniature β-radiation detector 
contained within the tip of a flexible intravascular catheter. The catheter can 
be adapted to incorporate an injection port and retractable needle for 
therapeutic delivery. The performance of the β-detection catheter was assessed 
in vitro with various β-emitting radionuclides and ex vivo in hearts of pigs 
following systemic injection of 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose (18F-FDG) at 1-week 
post-myocardial infarction. Regional catheter-based endocardial measurements of 
18F activity were compared to regional tissue activity from PET/CT images and 
gamma counting.
RESULTS: The β-detection catheter demonstrated sensitive in vitro detection of 
β-radiation from 22Na (β+), 18F (β+), and 204Tl (β-), with minimal sensitivity 
to γ-radiation. For 18F, the catheter demonstrated a sensitivity of 4067 
counts/s/μCi in contact and a spatial resolution of 1.1 mm FWHM. Ex vivo 
measurements of endocardial 18F activity with the β-detection catheter in the 
chronic pig infarct model demonstrated good qualitative and quantitative 
correlation with regional tissue activity from PET/CT images and gamma counting.
CONCLUSION: The prototype β-detection catheter demonstrates sensitive and 
selective detection of β- and β+ emissions over a wide range of energies and 
enables high-fidelity ex vivo characterization of endocardial activity from 
systemically delivered 18F-FDG.

© 2020. American Society of Nuclear Cardiology.

DOI: 10.1007/s12350-020-02317-8
PMCID: PMC7895860
PMID: 32820423 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


721. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Mater Chem B. 2020 Sep 23;8(36):8271-8281. doi: 10.1039/d0tb01373k.

A tumor-microenvironment fully responsive nano-platform for MRI-guided 
photodynamic and photothermal synergistic therapy.

Wang D(1), Zhang N(1), Jing X(1), Zhang Y(1), Xu Y(1), Meng L(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)School of Chemistry, MOE Key Laboratory for Nonequilibrium Synthesis and 
Modulation of Condensed Matter, Xi'an Key Laboratory of Sustainable Energy 
Material Chemistry, Xi'an Jiaotong University, Xi'an 710049, P. R. China. 
menglingjie@mail.xjtu.edu.cn.
(2)Instrumental Analysis Center of Xi'an Jiaotong University, Xi'an 710049, 
China.

Retraction in
    J Mater Chem B. 2022 Nov 23;10(45):9466-9467. doi: 10.1039/d2tb90174a.

Multifunctional intelligent theranostics agents are promising for 
next-generation oncotherapy. We fabricated a tumor-microenvironment 
(TME)-responsive carbon nanotube (CNT)-based nanoplatform for T1 weighted 
magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-guided synergistic photodynamic and 
photothermal therapy (PDT and PTT). CNTs convert near infrared (NIR) radiation 
into hyperthermia for PTT, and can effectively deliver their cargo into cells 
due to their unique 1D nanostructure. The CNT@MnO2-PEG@Ce6 nanomedicine was 
internalized into tumor cells, and rapidly released the photosensitizer (Ce6) in 
response to the low pH and high glutathione (GSH) levels characteristic of the 
TME. The degradation of the MnO2 layer under the same conditions released Mn2+ 
for T1-MRI. Furthermore, catalytic decomposition of the excess H2O2 into oxygen 
by MnO2 enhanced the efficacy of PDT, relieved hypoxia, and increased 
consumption of superfluous GSH to mitigate the effects of excessive reactive 
oxygen species (ROS) generation during PDT. MRI-guided PDT and PTT 
synergistically inhibited tumor cell growth in vitro, and ablated tumors in 
vivo. The side effects were negligible due to specific tumor cell targeting via 
surface modification with folic-PEG, and enhanced permeability and retention. 
Taken together, CNT@MnO2-PEG is a fully TME-responsive theranostics nanoplatform 
for targeted tumor ablation and real-time disease tracking.

DOI: 10.1039/d0tb01373k
PMID: 32812996 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


722. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2020 Jul 30;13:7467-7477. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S248338. 
eCollection 2020.

miR-96-5p Suppresses the Progression of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma by Targeting 
CDK1.

Luo X(1), He X(1), Liu X(2), Zhong L(1), Hu W(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otolaryngology, Affiliated Traditional Chinese Medicine 
Hospital of Southwest Medical University, Luzhou, Sichuan 646699, People's 
Republic of China.
(2)Department of Urology, Affiliated Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital of 
Southwest Medical University, Luzhou, Sichuan 646699, People's Republic of 
China.

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2022 Nov 22;15:1407-1408. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S398523.

BACKGROUND: Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is a malignant tumor that occurs in 
the nasopharyngeal mucosa. Clinically, radiotherapy is the preferred treatment 
for NPC, and cervical lymph node metastasis is easy to emerge in the early 
stage. Therefore, this study aimed to investigate the role and potential 
molecular mechanisms of miR-96-5p in NPC cells to develop new therapeutic 
horizons.
METHODS: The expression of miR-96-5p and CDK1 was measured by RT-qPCR or Western 
blot. The target relationship between miR-96-5p and CDK1 was confirmed by 
luciferase reporter assay. CCK-8, sphere formation, flow cytometry and colony 
formation assay were employed to examine cell viability, stem-like property, 
apoptosis and cycle, respectively. Male BALB/c nude mice model (6-8 weeks, weigh 
18-20 g) was used to evaluate the effect of miR-96-5p on tumor growth in vivo.
RESULTS: miR-96-5p was lowly expressed and CDK1 was highly expressed in NPC 
tissues and cell lines. CDK1 was identified as a direct target of miR-96-5p, and 
its expression was negatively regulated by miR-96-5p. By targeting CDK1, 
miR-96-5p overexpression significantly inhibited tumor sphere formation, 
promoted apoptosis and cell cycle arrest in CNE-2Z cells. Importantly, CCK-8 and 
colony formation assay demonstrated that elevated miR-96-5p enhanced the 
radiotherapy and chemotherapy sensitivity of CNE-2Z cells. Animal experiments 
showed that the overexpression of miR-96-5p reduced tumor weight and size in 
tumor-bearing mice and inhibited the expression of stem-like marker proteins and 
apoptosis-related proteins.
CONCLUSION: These results, together, suggested that miR-96-5p induced cell cycle 
arrest and apoptosis, inhibited stem-like property, and enhanced the 
radiochemical sensitivity of NPC by targeting CDK1. In short, miR-96-5p may be a 
diagnostic and therapeutic target for NPC.

© 2020 Luo et al.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S248338
PMCID: PMC7406360
PMID: 32801769

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


723. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomacromolecules. 2020 Nov 9;21(11):4559-4568. doi: 10.1021/acs.biomac.0c00662. 
Epub 2020 Sep 25.

Microwave-Assisted Ultrafast RAFT Miniemulsion Polymerization of Biobased 
Terpenoid Acrylates.

Castagnet T(1)(2)(3), Ballard N(3)(4), Billon L(1)(2), Asua JM(3).

Author information:
(1)Université de Pau & des Pays de l'Adour, E2S UPPA, CNRS, IPREM-UMR 5254, 
64000 Pau, France.
(2)Bio-Inspired Materials Group: Functionalities and Self-Assembly, Université 
de Pau & des Pays de l'Adour, E2S UPPA, 64000 Pau, France.
(3)POLYMAT, University of the Basque Country UPV/EHU, Kimika Aplikatua Saila, 
Kimika Zientzien Fakultatea, Joxe Mari Korta Zentroa, Tolosa Hiribidea 72, 20018 
Donostia-San Sebastián, Spain.
(4)Ikerbasque, Basque Foundation for Science, 48013 Bilbao, Spain.

Retraction in
    Biomacromolecules. 2021 Oct 11;22(10):4458. doi: 10.1021/acs.biomac.1c01108.

There is a growing preference to move away from traditional petrochemical-based 
polymers toward biobased alternatives. Here, we report the microwave-assisted 
RAFT polymerization of several terpenoid acrylates (tetrahydrogeraniol, 
cyclademol, nopol, and citronellol). These biobased monomers give polymers with 
a broad range of glass transition temperatures and are excellent candidates to 
substitute oil-based (meth)acrylates in applications such as coatings and 
adhesives. First, the process was studied in miniemulsion, finding that all 
terpenoid acrylates showed a substantial increase in both polymerization rate 
and reaction control when microwave irradiation was applied. These observations 
were attributed to nonthermal microwave effects, namely, to changes in the 
kinetic coefficients under irradiation. The reactions were also carried out in 
solution, where an amplified nonthermal microwave effect was observed. The 
results indicate that nonthermal microwave effects allow RAFT polymerization of 
these terpenoid acrylates to proceed with both improved control and at higher 
polymerization rates compared to using conventional heating.

DOI: 10.1021/acs.biomac.0c00662
PMID: 32786532 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


724. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Int J Bioprint. 2019 Jul 1;5(2):168. doi: 10.18063/ijb.v5i2.168. eCollection 
2019.

Retracted Article: Application of 3D printing technology in orthopedic medical 
implant - Spinal surgery as an example.

Zhang RF(1), Wang PY(2), Ming Yang(3), Dong X(1), Liu X(1), Sang Y(4), Tong 
A(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Orthopaedics, Shandong Hospital of People's Liberation Army, 89 
Hy, Weifang, Shandong Province, Republic of China.
(2)Department of Spine Surgery, Central Hospital, Zibo, Zhangdian, Shandong 
Province, China.
(3)Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital, Dongying, Hekou, Shandong Province, 
China.
(4)Qilu Hospital, Shandong University, Shandong, China.
(5)Department of Orthopedics, People's Hospital of Yan'an, Qilipu Street, 
Yan'an, Baota, Shaanxi Province, China.

Retraction in
    Int J Bioprint. 2019 Jul 12;5(2):232. doi: 10.18063/ijb.v5i2.232.

Additive manufacturing has been used in complex spinal surgical planning since 
the 1990s and is now increasingly utilized to produce surgical guides, 
templates, and more recently customized implants. Surgeons report beneficial 
impacts using additively manufactured biomodels as pre-operative planning aids 
as it generally provides a better representation of the patient's anatomy than 
on-screen viewing of computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging 
(MRI). Furthermore, it has proven to be very beneficial in surgical training and 
in explaining complex deformity and surgical plans to patients/parents. This 
paper reviews the historical perspective, current use, and future directions in 
using additive manufacturing in complex spinal surgery cases. This review 
reflects the authors' opinion of where the field is moving in light of the 
current literature. Despite the reported benefits of additive manufacturing for 
surgical planning in recent years, it remains a high niche market. This review 
raises the question as to why the use of this technology has not progressed more 
rapidly despite the reported advantages - decreased operating time, decreased 
radiation exposure to patients intraoperatively, improved overall surgical 
outcomes, pre-operative implant selection, as well as being an excellent 
communication aid for all medical and surgical team members. Increasingly, the 
greatest benefits of additive manufacturing technology in spinal surgery are 
custom-designed drill guides, templates for pedicle screw placement, and 
customized patient-specific implants. In view of these applications, additive 
manufacturing technology could potentially revolutionize health care in the near 
future.

Copyright: © 2019 Zhang , et al.

DOI: 10.18063/ijb.v5i2.168
PMCID: PMC7415852
PMID: 32782982


725. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Comput Biol. 2021 Jan;28(1):89-98. doi: 10.1089/cmb.2019.0110. Epub 2020 Aug 
5.

Screening of Clinical Factors Related to Prognosis of Breast Cancer Based on the 
Cox Proportional Risk Model.

Tang W(1), Mu D(1), Han L(2), Guo X(1), Han B(3), Song D(3).

Author information:
(1)The Third Operating Room, The First Hospital of Jilin University, Changchun, 
China.
(2)Joint Surgery Department, and The First Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, China.
(3)Department of Breast Surgery, The First Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, China.

Retraction in
    J Comput Biol. 2022 Jun;29(6):597. doi: 10.1089/cmb.2019.0110.retract.

Proper evaluation of the relevant clinical factors for the prognosis of breast 
cancer is particularly important in the selection of appropriate therapeutic 
strategies. To further screen and identify the clinically significant factors 
associated with breast cancer, the Cox risk regression model analysis was 
performed in this study. The follow-up data of intact breast cancer patients 
were downloaded from METABRIC (Molecular Taxonomy of Breast Cancer International 
Consortium) database, and the prognostic factors correlated with radiotherapy 
factors were screened using the Cox risk regression model analysis of prognostic 
factors. The response of different clinical features to radiotherapy was also 
evaluated by survival prognosis analysis and prediction. A total of 1980 breast 
cancer patients were enrolled in this study, including 1173 patients who 
received the radiotherapy treatment and 807 patients without radiotherapy 
treatment. To further study the correlation between the clinical prognostic 
factors and the overall survival, the single factor and multivariate Cox 
regression analysis were performed, and the clinical prognostic factors implied 
that the patients with age <60 years, receiving radiotherapy, grade 1, stage 
0-1, or human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) negative had a better 
overall clinical survival. The association analysis of the radiotherapy 
treatment and the clinical prognostic factors implied that the patients with 
younger age, stage lower, or HER2 negative showed a better overall clinical 
survival, and the patients who received radiotherapy had a better 3-year 
survival probability and 5-year survival probability. Screening and identifying 
the clinically significant factors associated with breast cancer can help 
predict the risk of disease. Age, stage, or HER2 status was the prognostic 
factors correlated with radiotherapy treatment.

DOI: 10.1089/cmb.2019.0110
PMID: 32757947 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


726. J Biol Regul Homeost Agents. 2020 Jul 16;34(4). doi: 10.23812/20-269-E-4R. 
Online ahead of print.

RETRACTED: 5G Technology and induction of coronavirus in skin cells.

Fioranelli M(1), Sepehri A(1), Roccia MG(1), Jafferany M(2), Olisova OY(3), 
Lomonosov KM(3), Lotti T(1)(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nuclear, Sub-nuclear and Radiation Physics, G. Marconi 
University, Rome, Italy.
(2)Central Michigan Saginaw, Michigan, USA.
(3)Department of Dermatology and Venereology, I.M. Sechenov First Moscow State 
Medical University, Moscow, Russia.

Retraction of
    J Biol Regul Homeost Agents. 2020 Jul 16:10.23812/20-269-E-4. doi: 
10.23812/20-269-E-4.

This article has been retracted at the request of the Editor. After a thorough 
investigation the Editor-in-Chief has retracted this article as it showed 
evidence of substantial manipulation of the peer review.

Copyright 2020 Biolife Sas. www.biolifesas.org.

DOI: 10.23812/20-269-E-4R
PMID: 32746604


727. Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2020 Jul;24(14):7564. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202007_22224.

Correlation study between long non-coding RNA MALAT1 and radiotherapy efficiency 
on cervical carcinoma and generation of radiotherapy resistant model of cancer.

Zhu P(1), Wang FQ, Li QR.

Author information:
(1)Department of Gynaecology and Obstetrics, Jinan Maternal and Child Health 
Hospital, Jinan, Shandong, China.

Retraction of
    Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2018 Aug;22(16):5140-5148. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_201808_15709.

The article "Correlation study between long non-coding RNA MALAT1 and 
radiotherapy efficiency on cervical carcinoma and generation of radiotherapy 
resistant model of cancer, by P. Zhu, F.-Q. Wang, Q.-R. Li, published in Eur Rev 
Med Pharmacol Sci 2018; 22 (16): 5140-5148-DOI: 
10.26355/eurrev_201808_15709-PMID: 30178834" has been withdrawn from the 
authors. The Publisher apologizes for any inconvenience this may cause. 
https://www.europeanreview.org/article/15709.

DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_202007_22224
PMID: 32744669


728. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Exp Clin Cancer Res. 2020 Aug 2;39(1):146. doi: 10.1186/s13046-020-01654-3.

Genipin suppression of growth and metastasis in hepatocellular carcinoma through 
blocking activation of STAT-3.

Hong M(1)(2)(3), Lee S(4), Clayton J(4), Yake W(4), Li J(5).

Author information:
(1)Science and Technology Innovation Center, Guangzhou University of Chinese 
Medicine, Guangzhou, China. hongming1986@gzucm.edu.cn.
(2)Institute of Clinical Pharmacology, Guangzhou University of Chinese Medicine, 
Guangzhou, China. hongming1986@gzucm.edu.cn.
(3)Department of Pharmacology & Toxicology, University of Kansas, Lawrence, KS, 
USA. hongming1986@gzucm.edu.cn.
(4)Department of Pharmacology & Toxicology, University of Kansas, Lawrence, KS, 
USA.
(5)Department of Pharmacology & Toxicology, University of Kansas, Lawrence, KS, 
USA. j086l791@ku.edu.

Retraction in
    J Exp Clin Cancer Res. 2022 Mar 15;41(1):102. doi: 
10.1186/s13046-022-02308-2.

BACKGROUND: The signal transducer and activator of transcription-3 (STAT-3) can 
facilitate cancer progression and metastasis by being constitutively active via 
various signaling. Abundant evidence has indicated that STAT-3 may be a 
promising molecular target for cancer treatment.
METHODS: In this study, a dual-luciferase assay-based screening of 537 compounds 
for STAT-3 inhibitors of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) cells was conducted, 
leading to the identification of genipin. Effects of genipin on HCC were 
assessed in a patient-derived xenograft nude mice model. Western blotting assay, 
chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) assay, molecular docking study, tube 
formation assay, three-dimensional top culture assay, histological examination, 
and immunofluorescence were utilized to evaluate the regulatory signaling 
pathway.
RESULTS: Our research demonstrated that genipin suppresses STAT-3 
phosphorylation and nuclear translocation, which may be attributed to the 
binding capacity of this compound to the Src homology-2 (SH2) domain of STAT-3. 
In addition, the therapeutic effects of genipin in a patient-derived HCC 
xenograft nude mice model were also demonstrated.
CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, genipin showed therapeutic potential for HCC 
treatment by interacting with the SH2-STAT-3 domain and suppressing the activity 
of STAT-3. In the future, further research is planned to explore the potential 
role of genipin in combination with chemotherapy or radiotherapy for HCC.

DOI: 10.1186/s13046-020-01654-3
PMCID: PMC7397684
PMID: 32741371 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


729. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Life Sci. 2020 Oct 15;259:118150. doi: 10.1016/j.lfs.2020.118150. Epub 2020 Jul 
26.

Inhibition of CD73 using folate targeted nanoparticles carrying anti-CD73 siRNA 
potentiates anticancer efficacy of Dinaciclib.

Hallaj S(1), Heydarzadeh Asl S(2), Alian F(3), Farshid S(3), Eshaghi FS(4), 
Namdar A(5), Atyabi F(6), Masjedi A(7), Hallaj T(8), Ghorbani A(9), Ghalamfarsa 
G(10), Sojoodi M(11), Jadidi-Niaragh F(12).

Author information:
(1)Immunology Research Center, Tabriz University of Medical Sciences, Tabriz, 
Iran; Student Research Committee, Tabriz University of Medical Sciences, Tabriz, 
Iran.
(2)Immunology Research Center, Tabriz University of Medical Sciences, Tabriz, 
Iran.
(3)Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics, University of Tehran, Tehran, Iran.
(4)Department of Genetics, Faculty of Medicine, Shahid Sadoughi University of 
Medical Sciences, Yazd, Iran.
(5)Department of Oncology, Cross Cancer Institute, The University of Alberta, 
Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
(6)Nanotechnology Research Centre, Faculty of Pharmacy, Tehran University of 
Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(7)Drug Applied Research Center, Tabriz University of Medical Sciences, Tabriz, 
Iran.
(8)Cellular and Molecular Research Center, Cellular and Molecular Medicine 
Institute, Urmia University of Medical Sciences, Urmia 5714783734, Iran.
(9)Student Research Committee, Tabriz University of Medical Sciences, Tabriz, 
Iran.
(10)Cellular and Molecular Research Center, Yasuj University of Medical 
Sciences, Yasuj, Iran.
(11)Division of Surgical Oncology, Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Center 
and Harvard Medical School, Boston, USA. Electronic address: 
msojoodi@mgh.harvard.edu.
(12)Immunology Research Center, Tabriz University of Medical Sciences, Tabriz, 
Iran; Department of Immunology, School of Medicine, Tabriz University of Medical 
Sciences, Tabriz, Iran. Electronic address: jadidif@tbzmed.ac.ir.

Retraction in
    Life Sci. 2024 Aug 1;350:122773. doi: 10.1016/j.lfs.2024.122773.

Conventional therapeutic methods against cancer, including chemotherapy, 
radiotherapy, surgery, and combination therapy, have exhibited different 
toxicity levels due to their unspecific mechanism of action. To overcome the 
challenges facing conventional cancer therapies, newly developed methods are 
being investigated. Significant levels of specificity, remarkable accumulation 
at the tumor site, limited side effects, and minimal off-target effects enable 
the newly synthesized nanoparticles (NPs) to become the preferred drug delivery 
method in anticancer therapeutic approaches. According to the literature, CD73 
has a pivotal role in cancer progression and resistance to chemotherapy and 
radiotherapy. Therefore, CD73 has attracted considerable attention among 
scientists to target this molecule. Accordingly, FDA approved CDK inhibitors 
such as Dinaciclib that blocks CDK1, 2, 5, and 9, and exhibits significant 
anticancer activity. So in this study, we intended to simultaneously suppress 
CD73 and CDKs in cancer cells by using the folic acid (FA)-conjugated 
chitosan-lactate (CL) NPs loaded with anti-CD73 siRNA and Dinaciclib to control 
tumor progression and metastasis. The results showed that NPs could effectively 
transfect cancer cells in a FA receptor-dependent manner leading to suppression 
of proliferation, survival, migration, and metastatic potential. Moreover, the 
treatment of tumor-bearing mice with this combination strategy robustly 
inhibited tumor growth and enhanced survival time in mice. These findings imply 
the high potential of FA-CL NPs loaded with anti-CD73 siRNA and Dinaciclib for 
use in cancer treatment shortly.

Copyright © 2020. Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.lfs.2020.118150
PMID: 32726663 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors 
declare no conflict of interest.


730. Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2020 Jul;24(13):7199. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202007_21849.

MicroRNA-29 targets FGF2 and inhibits the proliferation, migration and invasion 
of nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells via PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.

Xu M(1), Tian GL, Hao CC, Shi M, Zha DJ, Liang K.

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Air Force Medical University, Xi'an, 
Shaanxi, China.

Retraction of
    Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2019 Jun;23(12):5215-5222. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_201906_18186.

The article "MicroRNA-29 targets FGF2 and inhibits the proliferation, migration 
and invasion of nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells via PI3K/AKT signaling pathway, 
by M. Xu, G.-L. Tian, C.-C. Hao, M. Shi, D.-J. Zha, K. Liang, published in Eur 
Rev Med Pharmacol Sci 2019; 23 (12): 5215-5222. DOI: 
10.26355/eurrev_201906_18186. PMID: 31298371" has been withdrawn from the 
authors. The Publisher apologizes for any inconvenience this may cause. 
https://www.europeanreview.org/article/18186.

DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_202007_21849
PMID: 32706037


731. Brachytherapy. 2020 Sep-Oct;19(5):589-598. doi: 10.1016/j.brachy.2020.06.003. 
Epub 2020 Jul 15.

Prostate brachytherapy intraoperative dosimetry using a combination of 
radiographic seed localization with a C-arm and deformed ultrasound prostate 
contours.

Golshan M(1), Mahdavi SS(2), Samei G(3), Lobo J(3), Pickles T(2), James Morris 
W(2), Keyes M(2), Peacock M(2), Salcudean SE(3), Spadinger I(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of British Columbia, 
Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada; Department of Medical Physics, Vancouver 
Center, BC Cancer, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Electronic address: 
maryam.golshan@bccancer.bc.ca.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Vancouver Center, BC Cancer, Vancouver, 
British Columbia, Canada.
(3)Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of British 
Columbia, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
(4)Department of Medical Physics, Vancouver Center, BC Cancer, Vancouver, 
British Columbia, Canada.

PURPOSE: The purpose of the study was to assess the feasibility of performing 
intraoperative dosimetry for permanent prostate brachytherapy by combining 
transrectal ultrasound (TRUS) and fluoroscopy/cone beam CT [CBCT] images and 
accounting for the effect of prostate deformation.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: 13 patients underwent TRUS and multiview two-dimensional 
fluoroscopic imaging partway through the implant, as well as repeat fluoroscopic 
imaging with the TRUS probe inserted and retracted, and finally 
three-dimensional CBCT imaging at the end of the implant. The locations of all 
the implanted seeds were obtained from the fluoroscopy/CBCT images and were 
registered to prostate contours delineated on the TRUS images based on a common 
subset of seeds identified on both image sets. Prostate contours were also 
deformed, using a finite-element model, to take into account the effect of the 
TRUS probe pressure. Prostate dosimetry parameters were obtained for 
fluoroscopic and CBCT-dosimetry approaches and compared with the 
standard-of-care Day-0 postimplant CT dosimetry.
RESULTS: High linear correlation (R2 > 0.8) was observed in the measured values 
of prostate D90%, V100%, and V150%, between the two intraoperative dosimetry 
approaches. The prostate D90% and V100% obtained from intraoperative dosimetry 
methods were in agreement with the postimplant CT dosimetry. Only the prostate 
V150% was on average 4.1% (p-value <0.05) higher in the CBCT-dosimetry approach 
and 6.7% (p-value <0.05) higher in postimplant CT dosimetry compared with the 
fluoroscopic dosimetry approach. Deformation of the prostate by the ultrasound 
probe appeared to have a minimal effect on prostate dosimetry.
CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study have shown that both of the proposed 
dosimetric evaluation approaches have potential for real-time intraoperative 
dosimetry.

Copyright © 2020 American Brachytherapy Society. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.brachy.2020.06.003
PMID: 32682777 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


732. Biomaterials. 2020 Oct;257:120177. doi: 10.1016/j.biomaterials.2020.120177. Epub 
2020 Jul 3.

Textured nanofibrils drive microglial phenotype.

Song Q(1), Pifferi S(2), Shi L(3), Chen C(3), Proietti Zaccaria R(4), Menini 
A(5), Cao J(3), Zhang Q(6), Torre V(7).

Author information:
(1)International School for Advanced Studies (SISSA), Trieste, 34136, Italy; 
School of Pharmaceutical Engineering, Zhejiang Pharmaceutical College, Ningbo, 
Zhejiang, 315100, PR China; Cixi Institute of Biomedical Engineering, Ningbo 
Institute of Materials Technology and Engineering, Chinese Academy of Sciences, 
Ningbo, Zhejiang, 315201, PR China.
(2)International School for Advanced Studies (SISSA), Trieste, 34136, Italy; 
Department of Experimental and Clinical Medicine, Università Politecnica delle 
Marche, Ancona, Italy.
(3)School of Radiation Medicine and Protection, State Key Laboratory of 
Radiation Medicine and Protection Medical College of Soochow University, Suzhou, 
Jiangsu, 215123, PR China.
(4)Cixi Institute of Biomedical Engineering, Ningbo Institute of Materials 
Technology and Engineering, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Ningbo, Zhejiang, 
315201, PR China; Italian Institute of Technology, Genova, 16163, Italy.
(5)International School for Advanced Studies (SISSA), Trieste, 34136, Italy.
(6)School of Radiation Medicine and Protection, State Key Laboratory of 
Radiation Medicine and Protection Medical College of Soochow University, Suzhou, 
Jiangsu, 215123, PR China. Electronic address: qzhang2012@suda.edu.cn.
(7)International School for Advanced Studies (SISSA), Trieste, 34136, Italy; 
School of Radiation Medicine and Protection, State Key Laboratory of Radiation 
Medicine and Protection Medical College of Soochow University, Suzhou, Jiangsu, 
215123, PR China; Joint Laboratory of Biophysics and Translational Medicine, 
ISM-SISSA, Suzhou, Jiangsu, 215123, PR China; Cixi Institute of Biomedical 
Engineering, Ningbo Institute of Materials Technology and Engineering, Chinese 
Academy of Sciences, Ningbo, Zhejiang, 315201, PR China. Electronic address: 
torre@sissa.it.

Microglia are highly plastic cells that change their properties in response to 
their microenvironment. By using immunofluorescence, live-cell imaging, 
electrophysiological recordings and RNA sequencing, we investigated the 
regulation of modified bacterial cellulose (mBC) nanofibril substrates on 
microglial properties. We demonstrate that mBC substrates induce ramified 
microglia with constantly extending and retracting processes, reminiscent of 
what is observed in vivo. Patch-clamp recordings show that microglia acquire a 
more negative resting membrane potential and have increased inward rectifier K+ 
currents, caused by an upregulation of Kir2.1 channels. Transcriptome analysis 
shows upregulation of genes involved in the immune response and downregulation 
of genes linked to cell adhesion and cell motion. Furthermore, Arp2/3 complex 
activation and integrin-mediated signaling modulate microglial morphology and 
motility. Our studies demonstrate that mBC nanofibril substrates modulate 
microglial phenotype, paving the way for a microglia-material interface that may 
be very valuable for anti-neuroinflammatory drug screening.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biomaterials.2020.120177
PMID: 32682149 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


733. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Oncol. 2020 Oct;14(10):2589-2608. doi: 10.1002/1878-0261.12765. Epub 2020 
Aug 19.

Exosomal miR-1255b-5p targets human telomerase reverse transcriptase in 
colorectal cancer cells to suppress epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition.

Zhang X(1)(2)(3), Bai J(2)(3)(4), Yin H(1)(2)(3), Long L(1)(2)(3), Zheng 
Z(1)(2)(3), Wang Q(1)(2)(3), Chen F(1)(2)(3), Yu X(1)(2)(3), Zhou Y(1)(2)(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology and Medical Oncology, Zhongnan Hospital of 
Wuhan University, Wuhan, China.
(2)Hubei Key Laboratory of Tumor Biological Behaviors, Wuhan, China.
(3)Hubei Cancer Clinical Study Center, Wuhan, China.
(4)Department of Gastrointestinal Surgery & Department of Gastric and Colorectal 
Surgical Oncology, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University, Wuhan, China.

Retraction in
    Mol Oncol. 2023 Jul;17(7):1454. doi: 10.1002/1878-0261.13452.

Cancer cells undergo epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in response to 
hypoxia. Exosomes produced in tumor microenvironments carry microRNAs (miRNAs) 
that affect proliferation, metastasis, and EMT. Hypoxic regulation of EMT is 
associated with telomerase content and stability, but the underlying mechanisms 
remain unclear. We identified a targeting relationship between tumor-suppressing 
miR-1255b-5p and human telomerase reverse transcriptase (hTERT) via clinical 
screening of serum samples in colorectal cancer (CRC) patients. EMT suppression 
via exosomal miR-1255b-5p delivery was investigated by assessing hTERT 
expression, Wnt/β-catenin signaling, and telomerase activity. We revealed that 
hypoxia directly affected exosomal miR-1255b-5p content, the delivery of which 
between CRC cells significantly impacted cell invasion, EMT-related protein 
expression, and telomerase stability. Specifically, miR-1255b-5p suppressed EMT 
by inhibiting Wnt/β-catenin activation via hTERT inhibition. Hypoxia reduced 
exosomal miR-1255b-5p secretion by CRC cells, thereby increasing hTERT 
expression to enhance EMT and telomerase activity. In a mouse CRC model, hypoxic 
exosomes containing overexpressed miR-1255b-5p attenuated EMT, tumor 
progression, and liver metastasis. Our results suggest the antitumor role of 
miR-1255b-5p and its involvement in the regulation of hTERT-mediated EMT. We 
propose that miRNA-targeted regulation of telomerase is a promising therapeutic 
strategy for future CRC treatment.

© 2020 The Authors. Published by FEBS Press and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.

DOI: 10.1002/1878-0261.12765
PMCID: PMC7530775
PMID: 32679610 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


734. Support Care Cancer. 2021 Mar;29(3):1443-1453. doi: 10.1007/s00520-020-05610-x. 
Epub 2020 Jul 16.

The FOCCUS study: a prospective evaluation of the frequency, severity and 
treatable causes of gastrointestinal symptoms during and after chemotherapy.

Andreyev HJN(1)(2), Lalji A(3), Mohammed K(4), Muls ACG(3), Watkins D(3), Rao 
S(3), Starling N(3), Chau I(3), Cruse S(3), Pitkaaho V(3), Matthews J(3), Caley 
L(3), Pittordou V(3), Adams C(3), Wedlake L(5).

Author information:
(1)The Department of Gastroenterology, Lincoln County Hospital, United 
Lincolnshire Hospitals Trust, Greetwell Rd, Lincoln, LN2 5PT, UK. 
Jervoise.Andreyev@ulh.nhs.uk.
(2)The Biomedical Research Centre, Nottingham Digestive Diseases Centre, The 
School of Medicine, University of Nottingham, Nottingham, UK. 
Jervoise.Andreyev@ulh.nhs.uk.
(3)The Department of Medicine, The Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust, Sutton, 
London, UK.
(4)Clinical Research and Development Department, The Royal Marsden NHS 
Foundation Trust, Sutton, London, UK.
(5)Royal Marsden Clinical Trials Unit Royal Marsden NHS Foundation Trust, 
Sutton, UK.

BACKGROUND: The underlying mechanisms of chemotherapy-induced gastrointestinal 
(GI) symptoms are poorly researched. This study characterised the nature, 
frequency, severity and treatable causes for GI symptoms prospectively in 
patients undergoing chemotherapy for GI malignancy.
METHODS: Patients receiving chemotherapy for a GI malignancy were assessed 
pre-chemotherapy, then monthly for 1 year using the Gastrointestinal Symptom 
Rating Scale, a validated patient-reported outcome measure. Patients with new, 
troublesome GI symptoms were offered investigations to diagnose the cause(s). 
Their oncologist was alerted when investigations were abnormal.
RESULTS: A total of 241 patients, 60% male, median age 63 years (range 30-88), 
were enrolled; 122 patients were withdrawn, 93%, because of progressive disease 
or death. During the study, > 20% patients reported chronic faecal incontinence 
and > 10% reported moderate or severe problems with taste, dysphagia, belching, 
heartburn, early satiety, appetite, nausea, abdominal cramps, peri-rectal pain, 
rectal flatulence, borborygmi, urgency of defecation or tenesmus. Thirty percent 
reported continuing passage of hard stools and 30% on-going diarrhoea. Moderate 
or severe fatigue affected 40% participants at its peak and persisted in 15% at 
1 year. Toxicity dictated change in chemotherapy for 13-29% patients/month. 
Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events underestimated gastrointestinal 
morbidity. Pre-chemotherapy screening identified previously undiagnosed 
pathology: exocrine pancreatic insufficiency (9%), vitamin B12 deficiency (12%) 
and thyroid dysfunction (20%). Patients often refused investigations to diagnose 
their chemotherapy-induced symptoms; however, for every three investigations 
performed, one treatable cause was diagnosed: particularly small intestinal 
bacterial overgrowth (54%), bile acid malabsorption (43%), previously not 
described after chemotherapy, and unsuspected urinary tract infection (17%).
CONCLUSIONS: Patients undergoing chemotherapy for GI malignancy commonly have 
difficult GI symptoms requiring active management which does not occur 
routinely. The underlying causes for these symptoms are often treatable or 
curable. Randomised trials are urgently needed to show whether timely 
investigation and treatment of symptoms improve quality of life and survival.
TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02121626.

DOI: 10.1007/s00520-020-05610-x
PMCID: PMC7843552
PMID: 32676853 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interest.


735. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Math Methods Med. 2020 Jun 30;2020:5807836. doi: 10.1155/2020/5807836. 
eCollection 2020.

miR-215 Inhibits Colorectal Cancer Cell Migration and Invasion via Targeting 
Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase.

Xu X(#)(1), Ding Y(#)(2), Yao J(3), Wei Z(3), Jin H(3), Chen C(3), Feng J(3), 
Ying R(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pathology, Taizhou Cancer Hospital, Zhejiang Province, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy Oncology, Taizhou Central Hospital, Zhejiang 
Province, China.
(3)Department of Surgical Oncology, Taizhou Cancer Hospital, Zhejiang Province, 
China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Comput Math Methods Med. 2023 Aug 2;2023:9765408. doi: 10.1155/2023/9765408.

BACKGROUND: This study was aimed at exploring the effects of miR-215 and its 
target gene stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD) on colorectal cancer (CRC) cell 
migration and invasion.
METHODS: Here, we analyzed the relationship between miR-215 and SCD, as well as 
the regulation of miR-215 on CRC cells. We constructed wild-type and mutant 
plasmids of SCD to identify whether SCD was a target gene of miR-215 by using a 
luciferase reporter assay. The expression of miR-215 and SCD was detected by 
quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and western blot, 
respectively. MTT, wound healing, and Transwell assays were applied to determine 
the effect of miR-215 on CRC cell proliferation, migration, and invasion.
RESULTS: It was found that miR-215 expression was significantly decreased in CRC 
tissue while SCD was highly expressed compared with those in adjacent normal 
tissue. The luciferase reporter assay indicated that SCD was a direct target 
gene of miR-215. Functional analysis revealed that miR-215 overexpression 
significantly inhibited CRC cell proliferation, migration, and invasion in 
vitro. In addition, the result of rescue experiments showed that overexpression 
of SCD could promote the proliferation, migration, and invasion of CRC cells, 
and the carcinogenic effect of SCD could be inhibited by miR-215.
CONCLUSIONS: Taken together, our findings suggested that miR-215 could inhibit 
CRC cell migration and invasion via targeting SCD. The result could eventually 
contribute to the treatment for CRC.

Copyright © 2020 Xinhua Xu et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2020/5807836
PMCID: PMC7345959
PMID: 32670392 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have no competing interests.


736. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2020 Jun 30;13:6229-6244. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S244663. 
eCollection 2020.

CCDC7 Activates Interleukin-6 and Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor to Promote 
Proliferation via the JAK-STAT3 Pathway in Cervical Cancer Cells.

Zhou C(1), He X(#)(1)(2), Zeng Q(3), Zhang P(4), Wang CT(#)(5).

Author information:
(1)Key Laboratory of Birth Defects and Related Diseases of Women and Children, 
Ministry of Education, Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, West China 
Second University Hospital, Sichuan University, Chengdu, People's Republic of 
China.
(2)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, West China Second Hospital, Sichuan 
University, Chengdu 610041, People's Republic of China.
(3)Second Affiliated Hospital, Army Military Medical University, Chongqing 
400037, People's Republic of China.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Sichuan Cancer Hospital & Institute, 
Sichuan Cancer Center, School of Medicine, University of Electronic Science and 
Technology of China, Radiation Oncology Key Laboratory of Sichuan Province, 
Chengdu 610041, People's Republic of China.
(5)State Key Laboratory of Biotherapy and Cancer Center, West China Hospital, 
Sichuan University, Chengdu, Sichuan, People's Republic of China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2023 Jun 09;16:407-408. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S424822.

OBJECTIVE: Tumor growth is one of the most lethal attributes of human 
malignancy. The expression of CCDC7, a novel gene which has multiple functions, 
has been shown to be associated with tumor growth and poor prognosis in patients 
with cancer. However, the specific functions of CCDC7 remain unclear. Here, we 
investigated the molecular mechanisms underlying the effects of CCDC7 on 
proliferation in cervical cancer.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: The MTT and EdU assays were performed to evaluate the 
function of CCDC7. The immunohistochemical, quantitative real-time PCR 
(qRT-PCR), ELISA and Western blot assay were used to detect the gene and protein 
expression in tissues and cells. A xenograft test was conducted to detect the 
impact of CCDC7 on tumor development in vivo .
RESULTS: In immunohistochemical analysis of 193 cases, normal cervical tissue 
and cervical cancer tissue show that CCDC7 expression is closely correlated with 
the development of cervical cancer and was positively correlated with the 
clinical stage and histological grade. Overexpression or knockdown of CCDC7 
affected cell proliferation in cervical cancer cells in vitro. In a nude mouse 
xenograft model in vivo, knockdown of CCDC7 inhibited cell proliferation and 
tumor growth. Furthermore, CCDC7 overexpression upregulated interleukin (IL)-6 
and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) at mRNA and protein levels, and 
treatment with recombinant IL-6 or VEGF proteins also increased CCDC7 
expression. In a case set of 80 patients with cervical cancer, we found that 
CCDC7, IL-6, and VEGF affected patient prognosis. Finally, inhibition of various 
signaling pathways using specific inhibitors indicated that CCDC7 blocked the 
decrease in cell proliferation observed following suppression of the JAK-STAT3 
pathway, suggesting that CCDC7 functioned via this critical signaling network.
CONCLUSION: Those findings indicated that CCDC7 may be a novel target for the 
treatment of cervical cancer and may have applications as a predictive marker 
for tumor growth in cervical carcinoma.

© 2020 Zhou et al.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S244663
PMCID: PMC7335771
PMID: 32669853

Conflict of interest statement: We certify that regarding this paper, no actual 
or potential conflicts of interests exist; the authors declare that they have no 
conflicts of interest associated with the publication of the present work.


737. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Biol Regul Homeost Agents. 2020 Jul 16:10.23812/20-269-E-4. doi: 
10.23812/20-269-E-4. Online ahead of print.

RETRACTED: 5G Technology and induction of coronavirus in skin cells.

Fioranelli M(1), Sepehri A(1), Roccia M G(1), Jafferany M(2), Olisova OY(3), 
Lomonosov KM(3), Lotti T(1)(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nuclear, Sub-nuclear and Radiation Physics, G. Marconi 
University, Rome, Italy.
(2)Central Michigan Saginaw, Michigan, USA.
(3)Department of Dermatology and Venereology, I.M. Sechenov First Moscow State 
Medical University, Moscow, Russia.

Retraction in
    J Biol Regul Homeost Agents. 2020 Jul 16;34(4). doi: 10.23812/20-269-E-4R.

Ahead of Print article withdrawn by publisher.

DOI: 10.23812/20-269-E-4
PMID: 32668870


738. Glob Chall. 2020 May 17;4(7):1900014. doi: 10.1002/gch2.201900014. eCollection 
2020 Jul.

Characterization of Astrocytic Response after Experiencing Cavitation In Vitro.

Wrede AH(1), McNamara MC(1), Baldwin R(1), Luo J(2), Montazami R(1), Kanthasamy 
A(2), Hashemi NN(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Mechanical Engineering Iowa State University Ames IA 50011 USA.
(2)Department of Biomedical Sciences Iowa State University Ames IA 50011 USA.

When a traumatic brain injury (TBI) occurs, low-pressure regions inside the 
skull can cause vapor contents in the cerebral spinal fluid (CSF) to expand and 
collapse, a phenomenon known as cavitation. When these microbubbles (MBs) 
collapse, shock waves are radiated outward and are known to damage surrounding 
materials in other applications, like the steel foundation of boat propellers, 
so it is alarming to realize the damage that cavitation inflicts on vulnerable 
brain tissue. Using cell-laden microfibers, the longitudinal morphological 
response that mouse astrocytes have to surrounding cavitation in vitro is 
visually analyzed. Astrocytic damage is evident immediately after cavitation 
when compared to a control sample, as their processes retract. Forty-eight hours 
later, the astrocytes appeared to spread across the fibers, as normal. This 
study also analyzes the gene expression changes that occur post-cavitation via 
quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) methods. After cavitation a number 
of pro-inflammatory genes are upregulated, including TNFα, IL-1β, C1q, Serping1, 
NOS1, IL-6, and JMJD3. Taken together, these results confirm that surrounding 
cavitation is detrimental to astrocytic function, and yield opportunities to 
further the understanding of how protective headgear can minimize or eliminate 
the occurrence of cavitation.

© 2020 The Authors. Published by WILEY‐VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.

DOI: 10.1002/gch2.201900014
PMCID: PMC7330500
PMID: 32642072

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


739. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2020 Jun 30;13:6329-6337. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S249853. 
eCollection 2020.

circPDSS1 Stimulates the Development of Colorectal Cancer via Activating the 
Wnt/β-Catenin Signaling.

Fang Q(#)(1), Yang A(#)(2), Dong A(3), Zhao L(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Emergency, Yidu Central Hospital of Weifang, Weifang, People's 
Republic of China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Qilu Hospital (Qingdao), Cheeloo College of 
Medicine, Shandong University, Qingdao, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Gastroenterology, Weifang Second People's Hospital, Weifang, 
People's Republic of China.
(4)Department of General Surgery, PLA Rocket Force Characteristic Medical 
Center, Beijing, People's Republic of China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2021 Aug 30;14:4635-4636. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S335820.

OBJECTIVE: This study aims to illustrate the role of circPDSS1 and the 
Wnt/β-catenin signaling in the development of colorectal cancer (CRC).
PATIENTS AND METHODS: Cancerous mucosa and normal paracancerous mucosa tissues 
more than 5 cm away from the tumor were surgically collected from 56 CRC 
patients. circPDSS1 levels in collected tissues and CRC cell lines were detected 
by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). The influence of 
circPDSS1 on clinical features of CRC patients was analyzed. After knockdown of 
circPDSS1 in HCT-8 and HCT-116 cells, phenotype changes were examined by 
Transwell, tube formation and wound healing assay. Western blot and rescue 
experiments were finally performed to uncover the role of circPDSS1 and the 
Wnt/β-catenin signaling in the development of CRC.
RESULTS: circPDSS1 was upregulated in CRC mucosa tissues than controls. High 
level of circPDSS1 predicted high rates of lymphatic metastasis and distant 
metastasis, and poor prognosis in CRC patients. Knockdown of circPDSS1 
attenuated migratory ability and angiogenesis in CRC cells. Protein levels of 
key genes in the Wnt/β-catenin signaling, including β-catenin, GSK-3β, c-Myc, 
MMP-9 and cyclin D1 were downregulated in CRC cells transfected with 
sh-circPDSS1. Overexpression of β-catenin reversed the role of circPDSS1 in 
attenuating migratory ability and angiogenesis in CRC cells.
CONCLUSION: Upregulated circPDSS1 in CRC is closely linked to lymphatic 
metastasis, distant metastasis and overall survival. It stimulates the migratory 
ability and angiogenesis in CRC cells via activating the Wnt/β-catenin 
signaling.

© 2020 Fang et al.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S249853
PMCID: PMC7335269
PMID: 32636651

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


740. Biomed Pharmacother. 2020 Sep;129:110480. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2020.110480. 
Epub 2020 Jul 4.

Retraction notice to "Cytokine augments the sorafenib-induced apoptosis in Huh7 
liver cancer cell by inducing mitochondrial fragmentation and activating 
MAPK-JNK signalling pathway" [Biomed. Pharmacother. 110 (2019) 213-223].

Zhang L(1), Li S(1), Wang R(1), Chen C(2), Ma W(1), Cai H(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Gansu Province Hospital, No. 204 Donggang West 
Road, Chengguan District, Lanzhou, Gansu Province, 730000, People's Republic of 
China.
(2)Department of Cardiology, Shanghai Songjiang District Central Hospital, No. 
746 Zhongshan Middle Road, Songjiang District, Shanghai, 201600, People's 
Republic of China. Electronic address: 674141075@qq.co.

Retraction of
    Biomed Pharmacother. 2019 Feb;110:213-223. doi: 
10.1016/j.biopha.2018.11.037.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biopha.2020.110480
PMID: 32636042


741. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Death Dis. 2020 Jul 6;11(7):504. doi: 10.1038/s41419-020-2695-6.

Downregulation of RKIP promotes radioresistance of nasopharyngeal carcinoma by 
activating NRF2/NQO1 axis via downregulating miR-450b-5p.

Huang W(1)(2), Shi G(1), Yong Z(1), Li J(1), Qiu J(1), Cao Y(1), Zhao Y(3), Yuan 
L(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nuclear Medicine, The Third Xiangya Hospital, Central South 
University, Changsha, Hunan, 410013, China.
(2)Research Center of Carcinogenesis and Targeted Therapy, Xiangya Hospital, 
Central South University, Changsha, Hunan, 410008, China.
(3)Department of Ultrasound, the Third Xiangya Hospital, Central South 
University, Changsha, Hunan, 410013, China.
(4)Department of Nuclear Medicine, The Third Xiangya Hospital, Central South 
University, Changsha, Hunan, 410013, China. li_yuan2019@126.com.

Retraction in
    Cell Death Dis. 2023 May 31;14(5):345. doi: 10.1038/s41419-023-05861-6.

Dysregulation of RKIP and NRF2 has been widely involved in the therapy 
resistance of multiple malignances, however, their relation and the 
corresponding mechanisms, especially in radiation response, have not been 
elucidated. In this study, we revealed that RKIP could negatively regulate the 
expression of NRF2 in nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) cells. Depletion or ectopic 
expression of NRF2 countered the pro- or anti- radioresistant effects of RKIP 
knockdown or overexpression on NPC cells, respectively, both in vitro and in 
vivo. Furthermore, our results indicated that NQO1 was positively regulated by 
NRF2 and served as the downstream effector of RKIP/NRF2 axis in regulation of 
NPC radioresistance. Mechanistically, miR-450b-5p, being positively regulated by 
RKIP in NPC cells, could sensitize NPC cells to irradiation by directly 
targeting and suppressing the level of NRF2. Besides, we analyzed the level of 
aforementioned molecules in NPC tissues. The results indicated that RKIP was 
significantly downregulated, NRF2 and NQO1 were notably upregulated in NPC 
tissues compared with in normal nasopharyngeal mucosa (NNM) tissues. 
Furthermore, RKIP and miR-450b-5p were remarkably lower, yet NRF2 and NQO1 were 
notably higher, in radioresistant NPC tissues relative to in radiosensitive NPC 
tissues. Consistent with the pattern in NPC cells, the 
RKIP/miR-450b-5p/NRF2/NQO1 axis was significantly correlated in NPC tissues. 
Downregulation of RKIP and miR-450b-5p, and upregulation of NRF2 and NQO1, 
positively correlated to malignant pathological parameters such as primary T 
stage, Lymph node (N) metastasis, and TNM stage. Finally, RKIP and miR-450b-5p 
served as favorable prognostic indicators, and NRF2 and NQO1 acted as 
unfavorable prognostic biomarkers in patients with NPC. Collectively, our 
outcomes reveal that RKIP downregulation promotes radioresistance of NPC by 
downregulating miR-450b-5p and subsequently upregulating and activating NRF2 and 
NQO1, highlighting RKIP/miR-450b-5p/NRF2/NQO1 axis as a potential therapeutic 
target for improving the radiosensitivity of NPC.

DOI: 10.1038/s41419-020-2695-6
PMCID: PMC7338462
PMID: 32632129 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


742. Neurosci Lett. 2020 Jul 2:135226. doi: 10.1016/j.neulet.2020.135226. Online 
ahead of print.

WITHDRAWN: Dynamic Observation of Postoperative Infection and Neuron-specific 
Enolase Levels in Serum in Patients with Non-small Cell Lung Cancer According to 
Positron Emission Tomography-Computed Tomography.

Wei J(1), Zhu R(2), Zhang H(2), Li P(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nuclear Medicine, Huai'an First People's Hospital, Huai'an, 
223300, Jiangsu, China. Electronic address: huaianweijing@126.com.
(2)Department of Nuclear Medicine, Huai'an First People's Hospital, Huai'an, 
223300, Jiangsu, China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Huai'an First People's Hospital, Huai'an, 223300, 
Jiangsu, China.

This article has been withdrawn at the request of the Editor-in-Chief. The 
Publisher apologizes for any inconvenience this may cause. The full Elsevier 
Policy on Article Withdrawal can be found at 
https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.neulet.2020.135226
PMID: 32622929


743. Sci Rep. 2020 Jun 25;10(1):10369. doi: 10.1038/s41598-020-67144-w.

Long-term imaging of the photosensitive, reef-building coral Acropora muricata 
using light-sheet illumination.

Laissue PP(1), Roberson L(2), Gu Y(3)(4), Qian C(3)(5), Smith DJ(6).

Author information:
(1)School of Life Sciences, University of Essex, Colchester, CO4 3SQ, UK. 
plaissue@essex.ac.uk.
(2)The Bell Center, Marine Biological Laboratory, 7 MBL Street, Woods Hole, MA, 
02543, USA.
(3)MRC National Institute for Medical Research, Mill Hill, London, NW7 1AA, UK.
(4)School of Life Sciences, University of Sussex, Brighton, BN1 9QG, UK.
(5)AstraZeneca, 310 Milton Rd, Milton, Cambridge, CB4 0WG, UK.
(6)School of Life Sciences, University of Essex, Colchester, CO4 3SQ, UK.

Coral reefs are in alarming decline due to climate emergency, pollution and 
other man-made disturbances. The numerous ecosystem services derived from coral 
reefs are underpinned by the growth and physical complexity of reef-forming 
corals. Our knowledge of their fundamental biology is limited by available 
technology. We need a better understanding of larval settlement and development, 
skeletogenesis, interactions with pathogens and symbionts, and how this biology 
interacts with environmental factors such as light exposure, temperature, and 
ocean acidification. We here focus on a fast-growing key coloniser, Acropora 
muricata (Linnaeus, 1758). To enable dynamic imaging of this photosensitive 
organism at different scales, we developed light-sheet illumination for 
fluorescence microscopy of small coral colonies. Our approach reveals live 
polyps in previously unseen detail. An imaging range for Acropora muricata with 
no measurable photodamage is defined based upon polyp expansion, coral tissue 
reaction, and photobleaching. We quantify polyp retraction as a photosensitive 
behavioural response and show coral tissue rupture at higher irradiance with 
blue light. The simple and flexible technique enables non-invasive continuous 
dynamic imaging of highly photosensitive organisms with sizes between 1 mm3 and 
5 cm3, for eight hours, at high temporal resolution, on a scale from multiple 
polyps down to cellular resolution. This live imaging tool opens a new window 
into the dynamics of reef-building corals.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-020-67144-w
PMCID: PMC7316744
PMID: 32587275 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


744. Actas Dermosifiliogr (Engl Ed). 2020 Sep;111(7):590-599. doi: 
10.1016/j.ad.2020.03.002. Epub 2020 Jun 21.

Reconstructing Ear Defects Using the Revolving Door Island Flap: A Case Series.

[Article in English, Spanish]

Franco-Muñoz M(1), Romero-Aguilera G(2), Flores-Terry M(1), González Ruíz L(1), 
Rogel Vence M(1), Sánchez Caminero MP(1), García-Arpa M(1).

Author information:
(1)Servicio de Dermatología, Hospital General Universitario de Ciudad Real, 
Ciudad Real, España.
(2)Servicio de Dermatología, Hospital General Universitario de Ciudad Real, 
Ciudad Real, España. Electronic address: gromeroa@gmail.com.

BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Defects of the anterior region of the pinna pose a 
reconstruction challenge owing to the complex topography and difficult access. 
We report our experience using the revolving door island flap (RDIF) to 
reconstruct pinna defects and present the surgical results.
MATERIAL AND METHODS: Retrospective descriptive study of patients undergoing ear 
reconstruction using RDIF at different sites of the anterior region after 
resection of malignant tumors.
RESULTS: Seventeen patients underwent surgery between 2011 and 2019 for squamous 
cell carcinoma (n=7) and basal cell carcinoma (n=10). Conventional histology 
showed disease-free surgical margins in all the resected tissue specimens. The 
mean follow-up period was 40 months. One local recurrence of squamous cell 
carcinoma was observed, which responded well to radiation therapy; all patients 
were free of disease at the end of follow-up. Only 3 patients presented minor 
complications (depression of the flap surface in 1 case and retraction of the 
ear toward the mastoid process in 2 cases). Subjective rating scales were used 
to evaluate cosmetic and functional outcomes as assessed by both the 
dermatologist and the patient. The normal contour of the pinna was conserved in 
all patients and no patients required additional corrective surgery.
CONCLUSIONS: Reconstruction of the pinna using RDIF allowed for satisfactory 
repair following complete resection of the tumors, while conserving structure 
and functionality. RDIF has been reported to be a very good option for 
reconstruction of the pinna. It is a simple technique that makes it possible to 
repair large defects with minimal risk of necrosis. In our series, the cosmetic 
results were excellent and recurrence rates were very low. RDIF provided optimal 
results in repairing lesions in the concha and in other regions, such as the 
antihelix, triangular fossa, and scapha.

Copyright © 2020 AEDV. Publicado por Elsevier España, S.L.U. All rights 
reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ad.2020.03.002
PMID: 32576375 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


745. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2020 Jun;24(11):6409-6416. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202006_21539.

Salinomycin enhances radiotherapy sensitivity and reduces expressions of BIRC5 
and NEIL2 in nasopharyngeal carcinoma.

Chang Y(1), Geng Q, Bao Q, Hu P.

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Linyi Cancer Hospital, Linyi, China. 
15054928058@163.com.

Retraction in
    Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2022 Sep;26(17):6012. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202209_29611.

OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of salinomycin 
(Sal) on expressions of baculoviral IAP repeat-containing 5 (BIRC5) and Nei 
endonuclease VIII-like 2 (NEIL2) and radiotherapy sensitivity of nasopharyngeal 
carcinoma (NPC).
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Human NPC CNE-2 cell lines were used as research objects 
in this study. Subsequently, the cells received intervention with Sal at 
different concentrations, radioactive rays at different doses and Sal combined 
with radioactive rays. The growth inhibition rate of CNE-2 cells was detected 
via methyl thiazolyl tetrazolium (MTT) assay. The dose-effect relations of Sal, 
radioactive rays and combination therapy with the inhibitory effect on CNE-2 
cells were obtained. CNE-2 cells receiving intervention with Sal at an 
appropriate concentration or radioactive rays at an appropriate dose alone and 
Sal combined with radioactive rays were used as intervention groups (Sal group, 
Radiation group and Combination group). However, those added with an equal 
amount of DMSO were set as Control group. Next, the cycle, apoptosis and 
apoptotic morphology of CNE-2 cells were observed via flow cytometry and Hoechst 
assay, respectively. Moreover, the expressions of apoptosis-related proteins 
Caspase-3, B-cell lymphoma-2 (Bcl-2) and Bcl-2 associated X protein (Bax), as 
well as BIRC5 and NEIL2 proteins in CNE-2 cells were determined using Western 
blotting.
RESULTS: Under the intervention with Sal or radioactive rays alone, the growth 
inhibition rate of CNE-2 cells rose in a concentration/dose-dependent manner. 
With the increase in Sal concentration in combination therapy, the growth 
inhibition rate of CNE-2 cells significantly increased (p<0.05). Compared with 
Control group, Sal group, Radiation group, and Combination group exhibited 
remarkably lower colony formation rate, higher proportion of CNE-2 cells in the 
G2/M phase, enhanced apoptosis of CNE-2 cells with nuclear fragmentation, 
increased expressions of pro-apoptotic proteins Caspase-3 and Bax, decreased 
expression of anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2, and lower protein expressions of 
BIRC5 and NEIL2 in cells (p<0.05). Compared with Radiation group, the 
Combination group had significantly decreased colony formation rate, increased 
proportion of CNE-2 cells in the G2/M phase, enhanced apoptosis of CNE-2 cells 
with more nuclear fragmentation and other apoptosis characteristics, increased 
expressions of pro-apoptotic proteins Caspase-3 and Bax, decreased expression of 
anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2, and decreased protein expressions of BIRC5 and 
NEIL2 in cells (p<0.05).
CONCLUSIONS: Sal enhances the radiotherapy sensitivity of NPC and reduces the 
protein expressions of BIRC5 and NEIL2 in cells.

DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_202006_21539
PMID: 32572938 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


746. RETRACTED ARTICLE

BMC Complement Med Ther. 2020 Jun 22;20(1):192. doi: 10.1186/s12906-020-02995-4.

Angelica sinensis polysaccharide prevents mitochondrial apoptosis by regulating 
the Treg/Th17 ratio in aplastic anemia.

Chen Z(#)(1), Cheng L(#)(2), Zhang J(3), Cui X(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gerontology, Affiliated Hospital of Shandong University of 
Traditional Chinese Medicine, Jinan, 250014, China.
(2)Department of Acupuncture, Affiliated Hospital of Shandong University of 
Traditional Chinese Medicine, Jinan, 250014, China.
(3)Department of Science and education, Shandong Mental Health Center, Jinan, 
250014, China.
(4)Department of Hematology, Affiliated Hospital of Shandong University of 
Traditional Chinese Medicine, 16369 Jingshi Road, Jinan, 250014, China. 
cdz45@foxmail.com.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    BMC Complement Med Ther. 2022 Oct 20;22(1):277. doi: 
10.1186/s12906-022-03752-5.

BACKGROUND: Angelica sinensis polysaccharide (ASP) is an effective medicine for 
aplastic anemia (AA). The present study aims to investigate whether 
mitochondrial apoptosis in aplastic anemia could be corrected by ASP by 
adjusting an abnormal level of regulatory T cell (Treg)/ IL-17 secreting CD4 T 
cell (Th17) ratio.
METHODS: BALB/c mice were treated with 5.0 Gy Co60 γ -radiation. Then 2 × 106 
lymph node cells from DBA/2 donor mice were transplanted within 4 h after 
radiation. The mice in the various groups were fed saline or ASP for 2 weeks. 
For the in vitro experiment, bone marrow nucleated cells (BMNCs) and Treg cells 
were sorted from the mice on the 2nd day of modeling, and then cultured with or 
without ASP.
RESULTS: The mice treated with the medium dose of ASP for 14 days showed 
increased white blood cell (WBC), red blood cell (RBC), platelet (PLT), BMNC 
counts and Lin-Sca-1 + c-Kit+ (LSK) populations viability compared with the mice 
in the AA group mice. The data showed that ASP decreased damage to the 
mitochondrial outer membrane, improved the stabilization of the mitochondrial 
membrane, and corrected the abnormal levels of ROS and mitochondrial-associated 
apoptosis proteins, including the Bcl-2/Bax ratio and caspase-3 and caspase-9 
expression, in BMNCs which were sorted from the bone marrow cells of AA mice. 
The changes to the p-P38/P38 and Treg/Th17 ratios induced by AA were also 
reversed by the medium dose of ASP. The same ASP effect including the Bcl-2/Bax 
and p-P38/P38 ratio, caspase-3 and caspase-9 expression of BMNCs were observed 
in vivo. The viability of Treg cells were increased by treatment of ASP in vivo.
CONCLUSIONS: ASP might prevent mitochondrial apoptosis to restore the function 
of hematopoietic stem cells by suppressing abnormal T-cell immunity in AA.

DOI: 10.1186/s12906-020-02995-4
PMCID: PMC7309996
PMID: 32571324 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
financial interests to disclose.


747. Haematologica. 2021 Jul 1;106(7):1923-1931. doi: 10.3324/haematol.2020.249680.

Impact on survival through consolidation radiotherapy for diffuse large B-cell 
lymphoma: a comprehensive meta-analysis.

Berger MD(1), Trelle S(2), Büchi AE(3), Jegerlehner S(3), Ionescu C(4), Lamy de 
la Chapelle T(5), Novak U(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Oncology, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, 
University of Bern, Switzerland.
(2)CTU Bern, University of Bern, Switzerland.
(3)General Internal Medicine, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, University 
of Bern, Switzerland.
(4)Dept of Radiation Oncology, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, University 
of Bern, Switzerland.
(5)Hematology Department, Rennes University Hospital, INSERM Research Unit 1236, 
Rennes, France.
(6)Dept of Medical Oncology, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, University 
of Bern, Switzerland.

Rituximab has improved response rates and overall survival in B-cell lymphoma 
(DLBCL). Radiotherapy is an effective treatment modality for lymphomas, but 
there is uncertainty on its use as consolidation after chemo-immunotherapy 
mainly in advanced stages. We evaluated its efficacy with a comprehensive 
meta-analysis and a systematic search of Pubmed, Embase, Cochrane, and abstracts 
from ASCO, ASH, ESMO and ASTRO published from June 1966 and December 2018. We 
identified 11 trials that evaluated consolidation radiotherapy following 
chemotherapy in a randomized fashion in 4'584 patients. The primary endpoint of 
this meta-analysis was PFS. As three of the eleven trials were retracted, this 
data is based on 2414 patients. For the primary endpoint (PFS), we found a 
hazard ratio (HR) of 0.77 (0.51 to 1.17, pooled (tau2: 0.25; I2: 85%), and a HR 
of 0.80 (0.53 to 1.21, pooled (bivariate meta-analysis). For overall survival, 
the HR is 0.93 (0.61 to 1.40; pooled (tau2: 0.25; I2: 74%) and 0.86 (0.58 to 
1.27) in a bivariate meta-analysis. The lack of benefit did not change over time 
(p-value: 0.95 (tau2: 0.32; I2: 88%), and was also absent for PFS when 
stratifying for chemotherapy, the use of Rituximab, age, the dose of 
radiotherapy, application to patients in complete remission and with bulky 
disease. None of the trials used a PET-guided approach. This meta-analysis 
revealed no survival benefit when consolidation radiotherapy is given to 
unselected DLBCL patients following chemotherapy. These results need to be 
considered in future trials in the PET-CT era.

DOI: 10.3324/haematol.2020.249680
PMCID: PMC8252950
PMID: 32554560 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


748. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biol Open. 2020 Jun 27;9(6):bio050575. doi: 10.1242/bio.050575.

Overexpression of Wnt7a enhances radiosensitivity of non-small-cell lung cancer 
via the Wnt/JNK pathway.

Ai P(1), Xu X(2)(3), Xu S(3)(4), Wei Z(5), Tan S(6), Li J(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pathology, Central South University Xiangya School of Medicine, 
Affiliated Haikou Hospital, Haikou 570208, Hainan, China.
(2)Department of Pathology, Hainan Cancer Hospital, Affiliated Cancer Hospital 
of Hainan Medical University, Haikou 570311, Hainan, China.
(3)Medical Research Center, Hainan Cancer Hospital, Haikou 570311, Hainan, 
China.
(4)Biomedical Research Institute, Seoul National University Hospital, Seoul 
03080, Republic of Korea.
(5)Department of Oncology, Hainan Cancer Hospital, Affiliated Cancer Hospital of 
Hainan Medical University, Haikou 570311, Hainan, China.
(6)Department of Pathology, Central South University Xiangya School of Medicine, 
Affiliated Haikou Hospital, Haikou 570208, Hainan, China lijunzhe2000@naver.com 
tsc116@163.com.
(7)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Hainan Cancer Hospital, Affiliated Cancer 
Hospital of Hainan Medical University, Haikou 570311, Hainan, China 
lijunzhe2000@naver.com tsc116@163.com.

Retraction in
    Biol Open. 2022 Jun 15;11(6):bio058582. doi: 10.1242/bio.058582.

Expression of concern in
    Biol Open. 2020 Oct 5;9(10):bio054924. doi: 10.1242/bio.054924.

The Wingless-type protein 7a (Wnt7a) plays an antiproliferative role in 
non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Previous studies have indicated that Wnt7a 
expression was downregulated in radiation-resistant NSCLC cells. However, little 
is known about its biological functions and molecular mechanisms in 
radiosensitivity of NSCLC. Thus, NSCLC cell proliferation and apoptosis in 
response to Wnt7a overexpression and/or radiation were determined by 3-(4, 
5-Dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2, 5-diphenyl-tertazolium bromide (MTT) assay and flow 
cytometry, respectively. The activation of the Wnt/cJun N-terminal kinase (JNK) 
and Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathways were further examined by western blot in 
NSCLC cell lines H1650 and A549. Wnt7a overexpression combined with 
radiation-inhibited cell proliferation and induced apoptosis in NSCLC cell lines 
compared to Wnt7a overexpression or radiotherapy alone. In addition, the 
phosphorylation of JNK, but not β-catenin, was congruent with the changes in 
Wnt7a overexpression and/or radiation. Moreover, the Wnt/JNK pathway could 
induce the apoptosis of NSCLC cells through the mitochondrial pathway. 
Inhibition of the Wnt/JNK signaling pathway by SP600125, a JNK inhibitor, 
contributed to proliferation induction in NSCLC cells. Taken together, these 
results showed that Wnt7a overexpression sensitized NSCLC cell lines to 
radiotherapy through the Wnt/JNK signaling pathway.

© 2020. Published by The Company of Biologists Ltd.

DOI: 10.1242/bio.050575
PMCID: PMC7338269
PMID: 32554486 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Competing interestsThe authors declare no 
competing or financial interests.


749. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Biomark. 2020;28(4):473-482. doi: 10.3233/CBM-190945.

Long non-coding RNA LINC01116 regulated miR-744-5p/SCN1B axis to exacerbate lung 
squamous cell carcinoma.

Fan X(1), Sun Y(2), Guo X(1), He C(1), Han B(1), Sun X(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, The Fourth Hospital of Harbin Medical 
University, Haerbin, Heilongjiang, China.
(2)TOF-PET/CT/MR Center, The Fourth Hospital of Harbin Medical University, 
Haerbin, Heilongjiang, China.

Retraction in
    Cancer Biomark. 2020;29(2):299. doi: 10.3233/CBM-200905.

BACKGROUND: Lung squamous cell carcinoma (LUSC) is a kind of lung cancer which 
possesses high morbidity and mortality. Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) have been 
abundantly reported to participate in regulating cellular activities of various 
diseases, including cancers. LINC01116 was reported as a tumor promoter in some 
cancers, whereas its function has not been clarified in LUSC.
OBJECTIVE: This exploration aimed to study the modulatory role of LINC01116 in 
LUSC.
METHODS: The expressions of LINC01116, miR-744-5p and SCN1B were determined by 
RT-qPCR. CCK-8, EdU and transwell assays were conducted to evaluate the 
proliferative, migratory and invasive abilities of A549 and H1299 cells. The 
protein expression of SCN1B or EMT-associated proteins was examined through 
western blot assay. The interaction between miR-744-5p and LINC01116 (or SCN1B) 
was confirmed by RNA pull down and luciferase reporter assays.
RESULTS: LINC01116 was up-regulated in LUSC tissues and cells, and LINC01116 
repression limited the proliferative, migratory, invasive capabilities and EMT 
process in LUSC cells. In mechanism, LINC01116 directly interacted with 
miR-744-5p, and its expression was negatively correlated with miR-744-5p 
expression. SCN1B, overexpressed in LUSC tissues and cells, was proved to be 
targeted by miR-744-5p. Furthermore, SCN1B expression was in a negative 
association with miR-744-5p expression. At last, SCN1B amplification recovered 
the inhibitive effect of LINC01116 knockdown on cell proliferation, migration, 
invasion and EMT process in LUSC.
CONCLUSION: LINC01116 regulated miR-744-5p/SCN1B axis to exacerbate LUSC, 
providing a helpful theoretic basis for the exploration of LUSC treatment.

DOI: 10.3233/CBM-190945
PMID: 32538822


750. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Gene Ther. 2022 Feb;29(1-2):28-40. doi: 10.1038/s41434-020-0167-3. Epub 2020 Jun 
12.

miR-503-5p inhibits colon cancer tumorigenesis, angiogenesis, and 
lymphangiogenesis by directly downregulating VEGF-A.

Wei L(1), Sun C(2), Zhang Y(2), Han N(2), Sun S(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Cancer Hospital of China Medical University, 
Liaoning Cancer Hospital & Institute, No.44 Xiaoheyan Road, Dadong District, 
Shenyang, 110042, Liaoning, China. weilinlin_lnszl@126.com.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Cancer Hospital of China Medical University, 
Liaoning Cancer Hospital & Institute, No.44 Xiaoheyan Road, Dadong District, 
Shenyang, 110042, Liaoning, China.

Retraction in
    Gene Ther. 2024 Sep 6. doi: 10.1038/s41434-024-00486-6.

MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are considered important in the pathogenesis of colon cancer. 
But the mechanism of their role in colon cancer is still largely unknown. Here, 
we aimed to explore the function of miR-503-5p in the pathogenesis of colon 
cancer. This study analyzed miRNA microarray of colon cancer. Then, we performed 
EdU, CCK-8, flow cytometry, Transwell invasion assays and in vivo assays to 
explore the exact role of miR-503-5p in colon cancer. We observed considerable 
downregulation of miR-503-5p expression in colon cancer cells and tissues and 
significant correlation with the TNM stage, differentiation grade and lymph node 
metastasis of colon cancer. Overexpression of miR-503-5p promoted the apoptosis 
and G1 arrest of colon cancer cells, and inhibited migration, proliferation, 
invasion and colony formation. Interestingly, ectopic miR-503-5p overexpression 
could significantly inhibit vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-A 
expression and reduce the activity of a luciferase reporter containing the 
VEGF-A 3'-untranslated region. Furthermore, overexpressed miR-503-5p in human 
umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) and colon cancer cells resulted in 
lower expression levels of VEGFR-2, and subsequently inhibited AKT signaling 
pathway. Additionally, overexpression of miR-503-5p suppressed both 
lymphangiogenesis and angiogenesis in vivo and significantly inhibited the 
tumorigenicity of HT-29 cells in nude mice. In summary, our study shows 
downregulation of miR-503-5p at least partially contributes to the tumorigenesis 
of colon cancer through modulating the angiogenesis and lymphangiogenesis by 
targeting VEGF-A while stimulating AKT signaling pathways. Therapeutic 
strategies to restore miR-503-5p in colon cancer could be useful to inhibit 
tumor progression.

© 2020. The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Limited.

DOI: 10.1038/s41434-020-0167-3
PMID: 32533103 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


751. Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg. 2020 Nov;163(5):963-970. doi: 
10.1177/0194599820931467. Epub 2020 Jun 11.

Utilization of Invasive Procedures for Adult Eustachian Tube Dysfunction.

McCoul ED(1), Weinreich HM(2), Mulder H(3), Man LX(4), Schulz K(5), Shin JJ(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, Ochsner Clinic Foundation, New Orleans, 
Louisiana, USA.
(2)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, University of 
Chicago-Illinois, Chicago, Illinois, USA.
(3)Duke Clinical Research Institute, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, 
North Carolina, USA.
(4)Department of Otolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery, University of Rochester 
Medical Center, Rochester, New York, USA.
(5)Department of Surgery, Duke University Health System, Durham, North Carolina, 
USA.
(6)Department of Otolaryngology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts, 
USA.

OBJECTIVE: Eustachian tube dysfunction (ETD) is a common diagnosis among adults 
presenting for outpatient care. We sought to determine national utilization and 
the associated cost of invasive procedures for adult ETD.
STUDY DESIGN: Cross-sectional study.
SETTING: National health care database.
SUBJECTS AND METHODS: The Truven Health MarketScan Databases (2010-2014) 
analytic cohort included health care encounters of patients ≥18 years of age 
with a diagnosis of ETD or related conditions of otitis media with effusion 
(OME) or tympanic membrane retraction (TMR). Visits associated with recent 
diagnoses of acute upper respiratory infection, head and neck cancer, or 
radiation therapy were excluded. Invasive procedure usage was subdivided into 
nasal and otologic procedures.
RESULTS: ETD, OME, or TMR was diagnosed in 1,298,987 patients, 11.1% of which 
were chronic. The most common procedure was diagnostic endoscopy (including 
nasal endoscopy and laryngopharyngoscopy), which was used most frequently in the 
first 3 months after diagnosis, during which it was performed in 120,971 (9.3%) 
patients. The most frequent therapeutic nasal procedure was eustachian tube 
inflation without catheterization, performed in 11,412 patients over 5 years at 
a total cost of $1,210,939 ($106 per person annually). The most common 
therapeutic otologic procedure was myringotomy with tympanostomy, performed on 
56,137 patients over 5 years at a total cost of $47,713,708 ($810 per person 
annually).
CONCLUSION: Several nasal and otologic procedures are associated with a 
diagnosis of adult ETD at substantial cost. Development of therapeutic 
alternatives should be sought to mitigate the need for invasive procedures to 
treat this condition.

DOI: 10.1177/0194599820931467
PMID: 32525448 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


752. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Ther Adv Endocrinol Metab. 2020 May 27;11:2042018820923474. doi: 
10.1177/2042018820923474. eCollection 2020.

PFKFB3, a key glucose metabolic enzyme regulated by pathogen recognition 
receptor TLR4 in liver cells.

Lu Y(1), Zhang L(2), Zhu R(3), Zhou H(4), Fan H(4), Wang Q(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Endocrinology and Metabolism, The First Affiliated Hospital of 
Soochow University, Suzhou, Jiangsu 215006, China.
(2)Department of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Xinghua People's Hospital, 
Xinghua, Jiangsu, China.
(3)Jiangsu Provincial Key Laboratory of Radiation Medicine and Protection, 
School of Radiation, Medicine and Protection, Medical College of Soochow 
University, Suzhou, Jiangsu, China.
(4)Department of Endocrinology and Metabolism, The First Affiliated Hospital of 
Soochow University, Suzhou, Jiangsu, China.
(5)Department of General Surgery, Jiangsu Shengze Hospital, Suzhou, Jiangsu 
215228, China.

Retraction in
    Ther Adv Endocrinol Metab. 2022 Jul 12;13:20420188221109732. doi: 
10.1177/20420188221109732.

AIMS: Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) and 
6-phosphofructo-2-kinase/fructose-2,6-biphosphatase (PFKFB3) are involved in the 
progress of inflammation and glucose metabolism. Here, we aimed to assess the 
relationship between TLR4 and PFKFB3 in liver cells.
METHODS: We detected the expression of TLR4 and PFKFB3 in both normal liver cell 
lines and liver cancer cell lines. Then, a small interfering RNA (siRNA) was 
used to knock down the expression of TLR4 and analyze the expression of PFKFB3 
in the HL-7702 cell line. Further, following stimulation of the HL-7702 cell 
line with free fatty acids (FFA) or insulin, we observed the expression of TLR4 
and PFKFB3, respectively.
RESULTS: Knocking down siRNA-mediated TLR4 significantly reduced PFKFB3 
expression at the mRNA and protein level. Furthermore, activating TLR4 with FFA 
dramatically increased PFKFB3 expression. Insulin increased the expression of 
TLR4 and PFKFB3, which could be inhibited by TLR siRNA.
CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that PFKFB3 expression is regulated via the 
TLR4-PFKFB3 axis, which might be a bridge linking fat and glucose metabolism.

© The Author(s), 2020.

DOI: 10.1177/2042018820923474
PMCID: PMC7257845
PMID: 32523673

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest statement: The authors 
declare that there is no conflict of interest.


753. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Ther Nucleic Acids. 2020 Sep 4;21:86-97. doi: 10.1016/j.omtn.2020.05.021. 
Epub 2020 May 21.

YAP1 Inhibition in HUVECs Is Associated with Released Exosomes and Increased 
Hepatocarcinoma Invasion and Metastasis.

Li Y(1), Zhang X(2), Zheng Q(3), Zhang Y(4), Ma Y(5), Zhu C(6), Yang L(5), Peng 
X(5), Wang Q(7), Wang B(8), Meng X(8), Li H(9), Liu J(10).

Author information:
(1)Department of General Surgery, The Fourth Affiliated Hospital of China 
Medical University, Shenyang 110032, China; Department of Radiation Oncology, 
The First Affiliated Hospital of Jinzhou Medical University, Jinzhou, China.
(2)General Surgery Department, Beijing Friendship Hospital, Capital Medical 
University, Beijing, China; National Clinical Research Center for Digestive 
Diseases, Beijing, China.
(3)Department of Pathophysiology, College of Basic Medical Science, China 
Medical University, Shenyang, China.
(4)Department of Pathology, Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center, Guangzhou, 
China.
(5)Department of General Surgery, The Fourth Affiliated Hospital of China 
Medical University, Shenyang 110032, China.
(6)Department of Neurosurgery, The First Hospital of China Medical University, 
Shenyang, China.
(7)Department of Geriatrics, The First Affiliated Hospital of China Medical 
University, Shenyang, China.
(8)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Academy of life sciences of 
China Medical University, Shenyang, China.
(9)Department of General Surgery, The Fourth Affiliated Hospital of China 
Medical University, Shenyang 110032, China. Electronic address: 
sj_lihangyu@sina.com.
(10)Department of General Surgery, The Fourth Affiliated Hospital of China 
Medical University, Shenyang 110032, China. Electronic address: 
liujg0347@126.com.

Retraction in
    Mol Ther Nucleic Acids. 2022 Nov 23;30:547. doi: 10.1016/j.omtn.2022.11.015.

Hepatocellular carcinoma is one of the most common gastrointestinal 
malignancies. Anti-angiogenesis therapies have recently demonstrated promise in 
the treatment of malignancies, although early treatment benefits may be 
accompanied by metastasis over time. Additional and more effective 
anti-angiogenic treatment modalities are therefore needed. We previously found 
that Yes-associated protein 1 (YAP1) expression is increased in hepatocellular 
carcinoma (HCC), particularly around tumor-associated blood vessels, suggesting 
a role in angiogenesis. The YAP1 inhibitor verteporfin is presently in 
anti-angiogenic clinical trials for the treatment of various cancers. Depleted 
YAP1 from vascular endothelial cells effectively reduced proliferation and tube 
formation, validating its utility as an anti-angiogenesis target. We also showed 
that YAP1 depletion or inhibition in vascular endothelial cells leads to 
increased release of exosomes containing the long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) MALAT1 
into the tumor microenvironment. Direct exosomal transfer of MALAT1 to hepatic 
cells leads to increased hepatic cell invasion and migration via activation of 
extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 (ERK1/2) signaling. These observations 
may explain the occurrence of distant tumor metastasis with YAP1-associated 
anti-angiogenic therapy over time. It provides insight into new pathways and 
treatment paradigms that may be targeted to increase the long-term success of 
anti-angiogenic therapies.

Copyright © 2020 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.omtn.2020.05.021
PMCID: PMC7281784
PMID: 32516736


754. RETRACTED ARTICLE

PLoS One. 2020 Jun 4;15(6):e0229891. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0229891. 
eCollection 2020.

A facile sonochemical protocol for synthesis of 3-amino- and 
4-amino-1,2,4-triazole derived Schiff bases as potential antibacterial agents.

Sultan A(1), Ur Rehman MH(1), Sajjad N(2), Irfan A(3), Ullah I(4), Mustaqeem 
M(4), Saleem M(4), Rubab SL(1), Rafiq M(5), Khalid M(6), Kotwica-Mojzych K(7), 
Mojzych M(8).

Author information:
(1)Division of Science and Technology, Department of Chemistry, University of 
Education, Lahore, Pakistan.
(2)Department of Chemistry, University of Lahore, Lahore, Pakistan.
(3)Department of Chemistry, University of Lahore Sargodha campus, Sargodha, 
Pakistan.
(4)Department of Chemistry, University of Sargodha Sub-campus Bhakkar, Bhakkar, 
Pakistan.
(5)Department of Physiology and Biochemistry, Cholistan University of Veterinary 
and Animal Sciences, Bahawalpur, Pakistan.
(6)Department of Chemistry, Khwaja Ghulam Fareed University of Science and 
Technology, Rahimyar Khan, Pakistan.
(7)Chair and Department of Histology, Embryology and Cytophisiology, Medical 
University of Lublin, (Collegium Medicum), Lublin, Poland.
(8)Department of Chemistry, Siedlce University of Natural Sciences and 
Humanities, Siedlce, Poland.

Retraction in
    PLoS One. 2020 Aug 20;15(8):e0238168. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0238168.

A facile method has been developed for the synthesis of Schiff bases derived 
from substituted and unsubstituted 3-amino- and 4-amino-1,2,4-triazoles. 
Condensation of the aminotrizoles with a variety of aromatic aldehydes afforded 
desired Schiff bases in excellent yields in 3-5 minutes of exposure to 
ultra-sound. The synthesized compounds were characterized by means of IR, 1HNMR 
and Mass spectrometry. The synthesized compounds were also screened for their 
antibacterial potential against Gram-negative (Escherichia coli, Shigella 
sonnei, Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Salmonella typhi) and two Gram-positive 
(Staphylococcus aureus and Bacillus subtilis) strains.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0229891
PMCID: PMC7272133
PMID: 32497076 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


755. World Neurosurg. 2020 Oct;142:391. doi: 10.1016/j.wneu.2020.05.200. Epub 2020 
May 29.

Endoscopic Endonasal Approach for Clival Chordoma with Subarachnoid Invasion: A 
Two-Dimensional Step-by-Step Operative Video.

Albonette-Felicio T(1), Silveira-Bertazzo GS(2), Martínez-Pérez R(2), Shahein 
M(2), Zachariah M(2), Carrau RL(3), Prevedello DM(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center, 
Columbus, Ohio, USA. Electronic address: thagaf@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center, 
Columbus, Ohio, USA.
(3)Department of Neurosurgery, The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center, 
Columbus, Ohio, USA; Department of Head and Neck Surgery, The Ohio State 
University Wexner Medical Center, Columbus, Ohio, USA.

Chordomas are slow-growing, low-grade, locally invasive, and locally aggressive 
tumors. They peak at 40-60 years of age, with a male preponderance (2:1). 
Belonging to the sarcoma family and thought to develop from the notochord 
remnant, they are most commonly found in the midline, with half located at the 
sacrum and about one third at the skull base.1 Their treatment mainly consists 
of surgical excision, followed by radiation therapy.2 The endoscopic endonasal 
approach provides direct access to the clival chordomas with no need for brain 
retraction or manipulation of neurovascular structures.3-5 Herein we present a 
step-by-step resection technique of a clival chordoma invading the subarachnoid 
space and touching the brainstem and vertebrobasilar vessels in a 46-year-old 
man with headaches, with a prior failed attempt of resection at an outside 
institution, resulting in a biopsy only in the palate. An endoscopic endonasal 
transclival approach was performed and gross total removal was achieved (Video 
1). The patient had an uneventful recovery with no deficits, and he was then 
sent to proton beam therapy.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.wneu.2020.05.200
PMID: 32474099 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


756. Phys Med Biol. 2020 Jul 14;65(14):14NT01. doi: 10.1088/1361-6560/ab9775.

An avoidance method to minimize dose perturbation effects in proton pencil beam 
scanning treatment of patients with small high-Z implants.

Fellin F(1), Artoni M, Righetto R, Bellinzona VE, Widesott L, Dionisi F, Farace 
P.

Author information:
(1)Proton Therapy Unit, Hospital of Trento, Trento, Italy.

To implement a multi-field-optimization (MFO) technique for treating patients 
with high-Z implants in pencil beam scanning proton-therapy and generate 
treatment plans that avoids small implants. Two main issues were addressed: (i) 
the assessment of the optimal CT acquisition and segmentation technique to 
define the dimension of the implant and (ii) the distance of pencil beams from 
the implant (avoidance margin) to assure that it does not affect dose 
distribution. Different CT reconstruction protocols (by O-MAR or standard 
reconstruction and by 12 bit or 16 bit dynamic range) followed by thresholding 
segmentation were tested on a phantom with lead spheres of different sizes. The 
proper avoidance margin was assessed on a dedicated phantoms of different 
materials (copper/tantalum and lead), shape (square slabs and spheres) and 
detectors (two-dimensional array chamber and radio-chromic films). The method 
was then demonstrated on a head-and-neck carcinoma patient, who underwent 
carotid artery embolization with a platinum coil close to the target. Regardless 
the application of O-MAR reconstruction, the CT protocol with a full 16 bit 
dynamic range allowed better estimation of the sphere volumes, with maximal 
error around -5% in the greater sphere only. Except the configuration with a 
shallow target (which required a pre-absorber), particularly with a retracted 
snout, an avoidance margin of around 0.9-1.3 cm allowed to keep the difference 
between planned and measured dose below 5-10%. The patient plan analysis showed 
adequate plan quality and confirmed effective implant avoidance. Potential 
target under-dosage can be produced by patient misalignment, which could be 
minimized by daily alignment on the implant, identifiable on orthogonal kilovolt 
images. By implant avoidance MFO it was possible to minimize potential dose 
perturbation effects produced by small high-Z implants. An advantage of such 
approach lies in its potential applicability for any type of implant, regardless 
the precise knowledge of its composition.

DOI: 10.1088/1361-6560/ab9775
PMID: 32464619 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


757. Am J Primatol. 2020 Jul;82(7):e23142. doi: 10.1002/ajp.23142. Epub 2020 May 25.

Macaques in China: Evolutionary dispersion and subsequent development.

Li B(1)(2)(3), He G(1), Guo S(1), Hou R(1)(2)(4), Huang K(1), Zhang P(1), Zhang 
H(1), Pan R(1)(2)(5), Chapman CA(1)(2)(4)(6)(7).

Author information:
(1)Shaanxi Key Laboratory for Animal Conservation, College of Life Sciences, 
Northwest University, Xi'an, China.
(2)International Centre of Biodiversity and Primate Conservation Centre, Dali 
University, Dali, China.
(3)Center for Excellence in Animal Evolution and Genetics, Chinese Academy of 
Sciences, Kunming, China.
(4)Department of Anthropology, McGill University, Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
(5)School of Human Sciences, The University of Western Australia, Perth, Western 
Australia, Australia.
(6)Department of Anthropology, Center for the Advanced Study of Human 
Paleobiology, The George Washington University, Washington, Washington DC.
(7)School of Life Sciences, University of KwaZulu-Natal, Scottsville, 
Pietermaritzburg, South Africa.

Depicting a taxonomic group's evolutionary trajectory as a function of changes 
in the geographical landscape and its historical distribution is critical for 
constructing informed conservation strategies. Based on fossil sites from the 
Pliocene to the Holocene, and historical records since 1175 AD, we established 
macaques' dispersal pathways into and through China. These routes include 
internal pathways starting from the southeast corner of the Qinghai-Tibet 
Plateau and Mts. Hengduan in western China, and the routes through the estuaries 
of the three major rivers (Yangtze, Yellow, and Pearl). Our results indicate 
that macaques used the three rivers and avoided the higher elevation of the 
plateaus to promote their radiation. They occupied the whole mainland and 
islands in the Pleistocene and experienced shrunken distribution in the Holocene 
due to climate changes and human-induced activities. A prominent China-wide 
reduction occurred between 1817 and 1917; and a remarkable retraction from 
central China happened between 1918 and 2018 following further eco-social 
development and human expansion in central China, particularly since the second 
half of the last century. Starting in 1175 there was a restriction of range to 
higher altitudes, so that macaques have contracted their range to the west, and 
the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau and Mts. Hengduan have become an important sanctuary. 
We predict that if the current climate and human-induced changes are not 
reversed by decisive conservation actions, macaques in east and central China 
will likely be extinct in the near future.

© 2020 The Authors. American Journal of Primatology published by Wiley 
Periodicals LLC.

DOI: 10.1002/ajp.23142
PMCID: PMC7378941
PMID: 32452078 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


758. J Cardiothorac Surg. 2020 May 19;15(1):103. doi: 10.1186/s13019-020-01149-4.

Difficult removal: a Swan-Ganz catheter coiled on the central venous catheter.

Shen J(1), Ma L(2), Huang H(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Anesthesiology, First Affiliated Hospital with Nanjing Medical 
University, Guangzhou Road 300, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, 210029, PR China.
(2)Department of Cardiovascular Surgery, First Affiliated Hospital with Nanjing 
Medical University, Nanjing, China.
(3)Department of Anesthesiology, First Affiliated Hospital with Nanjing Medical 
University, Guangzhou Road 300, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, 210029, PR China. 
353550575@qq.com.

BACKGROUND: The Swan-Ganz catheter plays an important role in gaining 
understanding of cardiac pathophysiology and in the hemodynamic monitoring of 
critically ill patients. Difficult removal of the Swan-Ganz catheter is a rare 
but serious complication.
CASE PRESENTATION: This case presents the difficult removal of a Swan-Ganz 
catheter in a 28-year-old female patient after cardiac surgery. Fluoroscopy and 
chest X-ray revealed that a portion of the Swan-Ganz catheter was coiled on the 
central venous catheter at the level of the superior vena cava. Under X-ray 
guidance, the central venous catheter was first removed, and then the Swan-Ganz 
catheter was successfully withdrawn through the percutaneous introducer sheath.
CONCLUSIONS: This case report provides an unreported reason for difficult 
removal and describes a successful solution. This report suggests that X-ray 
examinations may be necessary before removing the Swan-Ganz catheter.

DOI: 10.1186/s13019-020-01149-4
PMCID: PMC7236472
PMID: 32430008 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


759. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Eur J Pharmacol. 2020 Aug 5;880:173144. doi: 10.1016/j.ejphar.2020.173144. Epub 
2020 May 5.

Enhancement of resistance to chemo-radiation by hsa-miR-1290 expression in 
glioblastoma cells.

Khalighfard S(1), Kalhori MR(2), Haddad P(3), Khori V(4), Alizadeh AM(5).

Author information:
(1)Radiation Oncology Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran; Breast Disease Research Center, Tehran University of Medical 
Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(2)Medical Biology Research Center, Kermanshah University of Medical Sciences, 
Kermanshah, Iran.
(3)Radiation Oncology Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran.
(4)Ischemic Disorders Research Center, Golestan University of Medical Sciences, 
Gorgan, Iran.
(5)Breast Disease Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran; Cancer Research Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, 
Tehran, Iran. Electronic address: aalizadeh@sina.tums.ac.ir.

Retraction in
    Eur J Pharmacol. 2024 Apr 15;969:176349. doi: 10.1016/j.ejphar.2024.176349.

One of the resistance mechanisms to chemo-radiation is the efficiency of the DNA 
repair systems. MicroRNAs can alter the expression of their involved proteins; 
therefore, it may lead to a change in the response of cancer cells to adjuvant 
treatments. Here, the present study is aimed to investigate the role of 
hsa-miR-1290 on the chemo-radiation resistance and the target genes in the 
glioblastoma cells. First, we altered miR-1290 expression in the U-87 cells by 
using hsa-miR-1290 mimic and anti-miR-1290. Then, the Annexin V, CCK-8, MTT, 
colony formation, invasion, migration, and wound healing tests were utilized to 
study hsa-miR-1290 influences on cellular behavior such as proliferation, 
apoptosis, and metastasis. Moreover, the qRT-PCR and Western blot analyses were 
used to evaluate the effects of miR-1290 on the SOCS4 gene expression. Our 
results represented that the overexpression of miR-1290 could increase cell 
proliferation, migration, invasion, and resistance to chemo-radiation. The 
results showed miR-1290 directly targeted the 3՛UTR of the SOCS4 gene and 
suppressed its expression. Moreover, the suppression of hsa-miR-1290 led to an 
increase of apoptosis and cellular sensitivity to chemotherapy drugs and could 
also lead to decrease cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. Our findings 
proposed that miR-1290 can function as a novel oncomiR in glioblastoma cells by 
regulating its downstream genes such as SOCS4. Moreover, hsa-miR-1290 may be 
employed as a therapeutic target for clinical therapy of glioblastoma.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ejphar.2020.173144
PMID: 32387352 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors of 
the manuscript have no conflicts of interest to declare and are responsible for 
the content of the paper.


760. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2020 Jan 10;2020:2748219. doi: 10.1155/2020/2748219. eCollection 
2020.

Treatment of Large and Complicated Scalp Defects with Free Flap Transfer.

Chen F(1), Ju H(2), Huang A(3), Yi Y(2), Cao Y(2), Xie W(2), Wang X(2), Fu G(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, The Second People's Hospital of Shenzhen, 
Shenzhen, Guangdong 518035, China.
(2)Department of Orthopaedics, Guangzhou First People's Hospital, Guangzhou, 
Guangdong 510180, China.
(3)Department of Spine and Orthopedic Trauma, The First Affiliated Hospital of 
Jinan University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510630, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2024 Mar 20;2024:9826017. doi: 10.1155/2024/9826017.

BACKGROUND: Large scalp defects, especially those complicated by calvarial 
defects, titanium mesh exposure, or cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) leak, pose a 
challenge for the neurosurgeon and plastic surgeon. Here, we describe our 
experience of reconstructing the complex scalp defect with free flap transfer.
METHODS: From October 2012 to September 2017, 8 patients underwent free flap 
transfer for the reconstruction of the scalp or complicated scalp and calvarial 
defects. Five patients presented with scalp tumor and the other 3 patients with 
scalp necrosis or ulceration (2 patients with titanium plate exposure). Seven 
anterolateral thigh flaps and one radial forearm flap were harvested and 
employed. The clinical data, including defect characteristics, flap type, 
complications, and outcomes, were recorded and analyzed.
RESULTS: Five patients were pathologically diagnosed with malignant tumor, and 3 
of them were given further radiotherapy. For the 2 patients with exposure of 
titanium plate, no titanium plate was removed. For the patient with scalp 
necrosis after decompressive craniectomy accompanied by CSF leakage, the CSF 
leak was stopped after reconstruction. The size of the flaps ranged from 3 to 
14 cm in width and 4 to 18 cm in length. No flap failure occurred in these 
cases. From follow-up to the present, no ulceration or necrosis occurred.
CONCLUSIONS: Free flap transfer is an ideal method for the reconstruction of 
large, complicated scalp defects with a one-stage operation. The anterolateral 
thigh flap is favored because of its durability, adjustability, water tightness, 
and infection prevention.

Copyright © 2020 Fanfan Chen et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2020/2748219
PMCID: PMC7199551
PMID: 32382540 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


761. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Exp Mol Pathol. 2020 Aug;115:104448. doi: 10.1016/j.yexmp.2020.104448. Epub 2020 
May 5.

Aberrant expression of lncRNA MALAT1 modulates radioresistance in colorectal 
cancer in vitro via miR-101-3p sponging.

Guo J(1), Ding Y(2), Yang H(1), Guo H(1), Zhou X(1), Chen X(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gastroenterology, Luzhou People's Hospital, Luzhou, Sichuan 
Province, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Laboratory Medical, Affiliated Hospital of Southwest Medical 
University, 25 Taiping street, Luzhou, Sichuan Province, People's Republic of 
China.
(3)Department of Gastroenterology, Luzhou People's Hospital, People's Republic 
of China. Electronic address: 365554333@qq.com.

Retraction in
    Exp Mol Pathol. 2021 Aug;121:104681. doi: 10.1016/j.yexmp.2021.104681.

Colorectal cancer (CRC) is one of deadly malignancies that affects humans 
globally. Herein, the effects of MALAT1 on CRC cellular functions were 
investigated. RT-qPCR measured expression of MALAT1 in human cell lines for 
colorectal Cancer. Radiation-resistance CRC cells (CRC-IR) were generated by 
increasing treatments of irradiation. Cell transfection upregulated or silenced 
genes in CRC-IR cells so as to study the correlation between MALAT1/miR-101-3p 
expression and cellular resistance to irradiation through evaluation of CCK-8, 
FCM apoptosis, Transwell migration and invasion and western blot assays for cell 
viability,apoptosis, migration and invasion and EMT. MALAT1 was upregulated in 
radio-resistance cell lines compared to normal CRC cells and upregulation 
promoted cell viability. In addition, decreased MALAT1 inhibited cell 
proliferation and metastasis and promoted apoptosis of CRC-IR cells. The 
luciferase assays confirmed that MALAT1 targeted and regulated miR-101-3p 
expression in radio-resistance cells. MiR-101-3p counteracted the effect exerted 
by MALAT1 in CRC-IR cells, indicating that MALAT1 added to the radio-resistance 
in vitro while miR-101-3p mimics could decrease the resistance to irradiation in 
CRC. In this study we have demonstrated that MALAT1 could regulate the 
radio-resistance in colorectal cancer via sponging miR-101-3p. Eventually, these 
outcomes unearthed a novel axis lncRNA MALAT1/miR-101-3p,which might be a 
prospective treatment to regulate radio-therapy in the near future.

Copyright © 2020. Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.yexmp.2020.104448
PMID: 32380053 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest None.


762. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2020 Apr 16;13:3165-3176. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S246899. 
eCollection 2020.

Pharmacological Inhibition of Necroptosis Promotes Human Breast Cancer Cell 
Proliferation and Metastasis.

Shen F(#)(1), Pan X(#)(2), Li M(#)(3), Chen Y(2), Jiang Y(#)(3), He J(#)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Oncology, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University, 
Shanghai 200032, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University, 
Shanghai 200032, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of General Surgery, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai 
200032, People's Republic of China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2024 Jul 03;17:541-542. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S484569.

BACKGROUND: Breast cancer remains a great threat to females worldwide. As a 
recently defined programmed cell death pathway that associates with immune 
activation, RIP1/RIP3/MLKL necroptosis signaling has been implicated in a 
variety of diseases. The present study aimed to investigate the role of 
RIP1/RIP3/MLKL signaling in breast cancer cell proliferation and metastasis in 
vivo and in vitro.
METHODS: Western blot and quantitative real-time PCR were performed to evaluate 
the activation of necroptosis signaling in clinical human breast cancer tissues. 
Correlation of necroptosis signaling markers with clinicopathological parameters 
was statistically assessed. Cell viability assay, colony formation assay, wound 
healing assay, and transwell migration and invasion assays were performed to 
investigate the effects of necroptosis inhibition on breast cancer cell 
proliferation and metastasis.
RESULTS: Clinical breast cancer tissues showed significantly higher levels of 
tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFα), RIP1, RIP3 and MLKL at both mRNA and protein 
levels as compared with their paired non-cancerous tissues. Phosphorylation of 
RIP3 and MLKL was also remarkably provoked. Statistics showed that both RIP1 and 
MLKL positively correlated with cancer parameters such as N-cadherin (p=0.002 
for RIP1 and p=0.021 for MLKL) and Ki67 (p=0.031 for RIP1 and p=0.05 for MLKL). 
The MLKL expression level significantly correlated with tumor size (p=0.001) and 
the proliferation indicator Ki67 (p=0.018). In addition, pharmacological 
inhibition of the necroptosis signaling using necrostatin-1 promoted breast 
cancer cell proliferation and colony formation by approximately 50%. Blockade of 
necroptosis signaling also accelerated wound healing process and cell 
transmigration in breast cancer cells.
CONCLUSION: Our results suggested that pharmacological inhibition of necroptosis 
promoted breast cancer cell proliferation and metastasis. Modulation of tumor 
cell necroptosis might represent a novel strategy as to breast cancer treatment.

© 2020 Shen et al.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S246899
PMCID: PMC7170643
PMID: 32368076

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interest exists in this work.


763. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cardiovasc Toxicol. 2020 Oct;20(5):500-506. doi: 10.1007/s12012-020-09574-6.

Ergosterol Attenuates Isoproterenol-Induced Myocardial Cardiotoxicity.

Xie Q(1), Li S(1), Gao Y(2), Jin L(2), Dai C(3), Song J(4).

Author information:
(1)Xiamen Cardiovascular Hospital, Xiamen University, Xiamen, 361004, China.
(2)Department of Pathology, The Affiliated Kunshan Hospital of Jiangsu 
University, The First People's Hospital of Kunshan, Suzhou, 215300, China.
(3)Xiamen Cardiovascular Hospital, Xiamen University, Xiamen, 361004, China. 
Cuiliand2013@126.com.
(4)Xiamen Cardiovascular Hospital, Xiamen University, Xiamen, 361004, China. 
songjuan_ok@163.com.

Retraction in
    Cardiovasc Toxicol. 2023 Jun;23(5-6):231. doi: 10.1007/s12012-023-09796-4.

Phytomedicine has shown a promising potential for the prevention of 
cardiovascular system diseases and disorders. This study aimed to evaluate 
protective effect of ergosterol (ER) on isoproterenol (ISO)-induced myocardial 
cardiotoxicity. We found that pretreatment with ER significantly decreased 
levels of myocardial CK-MB and LDH, and alleviated myocardial damage induced by 
ISO in rat model. In addition, ER restored Nrf2 and HO-1 expression and 
inhibited apoptosis through upregulating Bcl-2 and downregulating Bax, 
cytochrome c, cleaved caspase-3, caspase-9, and PARP in rat hearts. 
Hypoxia-reoxygenation model in H9C2 cells confirmed the cardioprotective effects 
of ER. In conclusion, we provide both in vitro and in vivo evidence that ER 
significantly enhances Nrf2-mediated anti-oxidative activities, and exerts a 
protective effect on cardiomyocyte apoptosis. ER could be considered as a 
potential therapeutic agent to prevent myocardial injury.

DOI: 10.1007/s12012-020-09574-6
PMID: 32361914 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


764. J Biol Chem. 2020 May 1;295(18):6249. doi: 10.1074/jbc.W120.013724.

Withdrawal: Distinct roles of Ape1 protein, an enzyme involved in DNA repair, in 
high or low linear energy transfer ionizing radiation-induced cell killing.

Wang H, Wang X, Chen G, Zhang X, Tang X, Park D, Cucinotta FA, Yu DS, Deng X, 
Dynan WS, Doetsch PW, Wang Y.

Retraction of
    J Biol Chem. 2014 Oct 31;289(44):30635-30644. doi: 10.1074/jbc.M114.604959.

DOI: 10.1074/jbc.W120.013724
PMCID: PMC7196659
PMID: 32358082


765. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2020 Apr 11;2020:1923575. doi: 
10.1155/2020/1923575. eCollection 2020.

Effect of Moderate-Intensity Aerobic Exercise on Hepatic Fat Content and 
Visceral Lipids in Hepatic Patients with Diabesity: A Single-Blinded Randomised 
Controlled Trial.

Abdelbasset WK(1)(2), Elsayed SH(3)(4), Nambi G(1), Alrawaili SM(1), Elnegamy 
TE(1), Khalil MA(5), Tantawy SA(6)(7), Soliman GS(8), Ibrahim AA(2)(9), Kamel 
DM(6)(10).

Author information:
(1)Department of Physical Therapy and Health Rehabilitation, College of Applied 
Medical Sciences, Prince Sattam Bin Abdulaziz University, Alkharj, Saudi Arabia.
(2)Department of Physical Therapy, Kasr Al-Aini Hospital, Cairo University, 
Giza, Egypt.
(3)Rehabilitation Sciences Department, Faculty of Health and Rehabilitation 
Sciences, Princess Nourah Bint Abdulrahman University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
(4)Department of Physical Therapy for Cardiovascular/Respiratory Disorders and 
Geriatrics, Faculty of Physical Therapy, Cairo University, Giza, Egypt.
(5)Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine for Girls, Al-Azhar 
University, Cairo, Egypt.
(6)Department of Physiotherapy, College of Medical and Health Sciences, Ahlia 
University, Manama, Bahrain.
(7)Department of Physiotherapy, Centre of Radiation, Oncology and Nuclear 
Medicine, Cairo University, Giza, Egypt.
(8)Department of Physical Therapy and Health Rehabilitation, College of Applied 
Medical Sciences in Al-Qurayyat, Jouf University, Sakakah, Saudi Arabia.
(9)Department of Physical Therapy, College of Applied Medical Sciences, Hail 
University, Hail, Saudi Arabia.
(10)Department of Physiotherapy for Women's Health, Faculty of Physical Therapy, 
Cairo University, Giza, Egypt.

Retraction in
    Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. 2023 Oct 10;2023:9829387. doi: 
10.1155/2023/9829387.

OBJECTIVE: Limited studies have assessed the effect of moderate-intensity 
continuous aerobic exercise on hepatic fat content and visceral lipids in 
hepatic patients with diabesity. This study was designed to evaluate hepatic fat 
content and visceral lipids following moderate-intensity continuous aerobic 
exercise in hepatic patients with diabesity.
DESIGN: A single-blinded randomised controlled trial.
METHODS: Thirty-one diabetic obese patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver 
disease were recruited into this study. The patients were randomly classified 
into exercise and control groups, fifteen patients in the exercise group and 
sixteen patients in the control group. The exercise group received an 8-week 
moderate-intensity continuous aerobic exercise program with standard medical 
treatment, while the control group received standard medical treatment without 
any exercise program. Hepatic fat content and visceral lipids were assessed 
before and after intervention at the end of the study.
RESULTS: Baseline and clinical characteristics showed a nonsignificant 
difference between the two groups (p > 0.05). At the end of the intervention, 
the aerobic exercise showed significant improvements (serum triglycerides and 
low-density lipoproteins (LDLs), p ≤ 0.002, total cholesterol, p=0.004, visceral 
fats, p=0.016, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C), p=0.022, high-density lipoproteins 
(HDLs), p=0.038, alanine transaminases (AL), p=0.044, intrahepatic triglyceride 
and HOMA-IR, p=0.046, and body mass index (BMI), p=0.047), while the control 
group showed a nonsignificant difference (p > 0.05). The postintervention 
analysis showed significant differences in favor of the aerobic exercise group 
(p < 0.05).
CONCLUSIONS: Moderate-intensity continuous aerobic exercise reduces the hepatic 
fat content and visceral lipids in hepatic patients with diabesity. 
Recommendations should be prescribed for encouraging moderate-intensity aerobic 
exercise training, particularly hepatic patients with diabesity.

Copyright © 2020 Walid Kamal Abdelbasset et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2020/1923575
PMCID: PMC7171632
PMID: 32351591

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


766. Health Phys. 2020 Jun;118(6):715. doi: 10.1097/HP.0000000000001296.

Monitoring Electromagnetic Radiation Emissions in Buildings and Developing 
Strategies for Improved Indoor Environmental Quality: Retraction.

[No authors listed]

Retraction of
    Health Phys. 2019 Dec;117(6):648-655. doi: 10.1097/HP.0000000000001112.

DOI: 10.1097/HP.0000000000001296
PMID: 32345910


767. RETRACTED ARTICLE

PLoS Genet. 2020 Apr 28;16(4):e1008592. doi: 10.1371/journal.pgen.1008592. 
eCollection 2020 Apr.

DNA methylation-mediated repression of exosomal miR-652-5p expression promotes 
oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma aggressiveness by targeting PARG and VEGF 
pathways.

Gao P(1)(2), Wang D(2), Liu M(2), Chen S(2), Yang Z(2), Zhang J(3), Wang H(2), 
Niu Y(2), Wang W(1), Yang J(1), Sun G(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Bone and Soft Tissue Tumor, Tianjin Medical University Cancer 
Institute and Hospital, National Clinical Research Center for Cancer, Key 
Laboratory of Cancer Prevention and Therapy, Tianjin's Clinical Research Center 
for Cancer, Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and Hospital, Tianjin, 
China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, North China University of Science and 
Technology Affiliated People's Hospital, Tangshan, China.
(3)Department of Pathology, North China University of Science and Technology 
Affiliated People's Hospital, Tangshan, China.

Retraction in
    PLoS Genet. 2024 May 7;20(5):e1011269. doi: 10.1371/journal.pgen.1011269.

Exosomal microRNAs (miRNAs) have been recently shown to play vital regulatory 
and communication roles in cancers. In this study, we showed that the expression 
levels of miR-652-5p in tumour tissues and serum samples of oesophageal squamous 
cell carcinoma (OSCC) patients were lower compared to non-tumorous tissues and 
serum samples from healthy subjects, respectively. Decreased expression of 
miR-652-5p was correlated with TNM stages, lymph node metastasis, and short 
overall survival (OS). More frequent CpG sites hypermethylation in the upstream 
of miR-652-5p was found in OSCC tissues compared to adjacent normal tissues. 
Subsequently, miR-652-5p downregulation promoted the proliferation and 
metastasis of OSCC, and regulated cell cycle both in cells and in vivo. The 
dual-luciferase reporter assay confirmed that poly (ADP-ribose) glycohydrolase 
(PARG) and vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGFA) were the direct targets 
of miR-652-5p. Moreover, the delivery of miR-652-5p agomir suppressed tumour 
growth and metastasis, and inhibited the protein expressions of PARG and VEGFA 
in nude mice. Taken together, our findings provide novel insight into the 
molecular mechanism underlying OSCC pathogenesis.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pgen.1008592
PMCID: PMC7188198
PMID: 32343702 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: No potential conflicts of interest were 
disclosed.


768. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Death Dis. 2020 Apr 23;11(4):266. doi: 10.1038/s41419-020-2448-6.

ERK1/2-Nanog signaling pathway enhances CD44(+) cancer stem-like cell phenotypes 
and epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition in head and neck squamous cell 
carcinomas.

Huang C(#)(1), Yoon C(#)(2), Zhou XH(1), Zhou YC(1), Zhou WW(1), Liu H(1), Yang 
X(1), Lu J(2)(3), Lee SY(4), Huang K(5).

Author information:
(1)Chongqing Key Laboratory of Translational Research for Cancer Metastasis and 
Individualized Treatment, Chongqing University Cancer Hospital & Chongqing 
Cancer Institute & Chongqing Cancer Hospital, Chongqing, China.
(2)Gastric and Mixed Tumor Service, Department of Surgery, Memorial Sloan 
Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY, USA.
(3)Department of Gastric Surgery, Fujian Medical University Union Hospital, 
Fujian Province, Chongqing, China.
(4)Department of Otorhinolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, College of Medicine, 
Chung-Ang University, Seoul, Korea. syleemd@cau.ac.kr.
(5)Department of Dermatology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical 
University, Chongqing, China. feelingkun@126.com.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Cell Death Dis. 2024 Mar 15;15(3):219. doi: 10.1038/s41419-024-06608-7.

Head and neck squamous cell carcinomas (HNSCCs) harbor a subset of cells that 
are CD44(+) and present with malignancy and radiotherapy resistance. As a key 
regulator of self-renewal, Nanog expression not only determines cell fate in 
pluripotent cells but also mediates tumorigenesis in cancer cells; thus, we 
examined the role of Nanog in CD44(+) HNSCC. Three HNSCC cell lines, tumor 
xenografts, and patient tumors were examined. Nanog levels were significantly 
higher in CD44(+) HNSCC spheroids than in CD44(-) spheroids, and further 
increased when grown as spheroids to enrich for CSCs. CD44(+) spheroids showed a 
3.4-7.5-fold increase in migration and invasion compared with CD44(-) spheroids 
and were resistant to radiation therapy, which was reversed by inhibiting Nanog. 
Nanog knockdown also decreased spheroid formation by 66.5-68.8%. Moreover, a 
phosphokinase array identified upregulated ERK1/2 signaling in CD44(+) HNSCC 
cells compared with that in CD44(-) cells. ERK1/2 signaling was found to 
regulate Nanog expression, aiding tumor progression, metastasis, and 
radiotherapy resistance. In xenograft models, the combination of radiation and 
Nanog or ERK1/2 inhibition inhibited tumor growth by 75.6% and 79.1%, 
respectively. In lung metastasis models, CD44(+) cells injected into the tail 
vein of mice led to significantly more lung metastases and higher Nanog 
expression level compared with that by ERK1/2-knockdown CD44(+) cells. Finally, 
in tumor tissues, CD44 and Nanog expression levels were correlated with 
tumorigenesis in HNSCC patients. Thus, targeting Nanog and the ERK1/2 signaling 
pathway may prevent or reverse CSC phenotypes and epithelial-mesenchymal 
transition that drive tumor progression, metastasis, and radiotherapy resistance 
in HNSCC.

DOI: 10.1038/s41419-020-2448-6
PMCID: PMC7181750
PMID: 32327629 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interest.


769. J Plast Reconstr Aesthet Surg. 2020 Sep;73(9):1683-1691. doi: 
10.1016/j.bjps.2020.03.001. Epub 2020 Mar 15.

Early nasal reconstruction after skin-preserving excision of squamous cell 
carcinoma of the nasal vestibule.

Federspil PA(1), Plinkert PK(2), Zaoui K(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, University Hospital Heidelberg, Im 
Neuenheimer Feld 400, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany. Electronic address: 
federspil@med.uni-heidelberg.de.
(2)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, University Hospital Heidelberg, Im 
Neuenheimer Feld 400, 69120 Heidelberg, Germany.

Surgery for early-stage squamous cell carcinoma of the nasal vestibule (SCCNV) 
may lead to facial disfigurement. We wanted to investigate if skin-preserving 
excision of SCCNV with reconstruction is oncologically, aesthetically, and 
functionally justifiable in cases with proximity to the skin. From 2010 to 2016, 
16 patients underwent skin-preserving excision of T1-2 N0 SCCNV by a lateral 
rhinotomy approach at a tertiary referral center. The inner nose was 
reconstructed using a mucoperichondrial septal flap for the inner lining and a 
septal pivot flap and/or auricular cartilage grafting for the framework. Nasal 
appearance was measured on pre- and postoperative photographs. Median follow-up 
was 5.4 years. Three (19%) patients received adjuvant radiotherapy. Two (12.5%) 
recurrences occurred locally, but not at the site of preserved skin. The 
Kaplan-Meier estimate of local control rate after 5 years was 83%. All patients 
could be salvaged, giving an ultimate control rate of 100%. Nasal tip projection 
decreased by 6.7% (p < 0.001), and it was retained normal or near normal in 
87.5% of patients. Nasal axis changed by 1.7° (p = 0.5). Nasal deviation 
occurred in 6.25% (1/16) of patients, and minor alar retraction in 6.25% of 
patients (1/16). Nasal breathing was normal or close to normal in 75% (12/16) of 
patients. Skin-preserving excision of SCCNV is oncologically justifiable in 
selected cases even in proximity to nasal skin. Early inner nasal reconstruction 
preserves nasal form and function to a high degree. This technique is a suitable 
alternative to rhinectomy and to avoid the sequelae of radiotherapy in selected 
cases.

Copyright © 2020. Published by Elsevier Ltd.

DOI: 10.1016/j.bjps.2020.03.001
PMID: 32327374 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest The authors 
declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, 
authorship, and publication of this article.


770. RSC Adv. 2020 Apr 23;10(27):15924. doi: 10.1039/d0ra90040k. eCollection 2020 Apr 
21.

Retraction: Tuning the chemistry of graphene oxides by a sonochemical approach: 
application of adsorption properties.

Sun Y(1)(2)(3), Yang S(2), Ding C(2), Jin Z(2), Cheng W(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Institute of Plasma Physics, Chinese Academy of Science P.O. Box 1126 Hefei 
230031 P. R. China sunyb@ipp.ac.cn +86 551 65591310 +86 551 65592788.
(2)School of Environment and Chemical Engineering, North China Electric Power 
University Beijing 102206 P. R. China.
(3)School for Radiological and Interdisciplinary Sciences, Soochow University 
215123 Suzhou P. R. China.
(4)Collaborative Innovation Center of Radiation Medicine of Jiangsu Higher 
Education Institutions P. R. China.
(5)Faculty of Engineering, King Abdulaziz University Jeddah 21589 Saudi Arabia.

Retraction of
    doi: 10.1039/C5RA02021B.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.1039/C5RA02021B.].

This journal is © The Royal Society of Chemistry.

DOI: 10.1039/d0ra90040k
PMCID: PMC9052935
PMID: 35503282


771. Dent Med Probl. 2020 Jan-Mar;57(1):73-94. doi: 10.17219/dmp/112446.

Effectiveness of low-level laser therapy in accelerating the orthodontic tooth 
movement: A systematic review and meta-analysis.

Bakdach WMM(1), Hadad R(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Orthodontics, Faculty of Dentistry, University of Damascus, 
Syria.

OBJECTIVES: The aim of the paper was to appraise the current evidence of the 
effectiveness of low-level laser therapy (LLLT) in accelerating the tooth 
movement.
METHODS: A comprehensive search was performed in 9 databases up to June 2019. 
Only randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included. The risk of bias was 
assessed using the Cochrane Collaboration tool. The quantitative data synthesis 
was attainable only for the studies evaluating the effect of laser on canine 
retraction; the qualitative description was used for the rest of the studies. 
The overall quality of evidence was rated using the Grading of Recommendations 
Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) criteria.
RESULTS: A total of 25 RCTs were included in this review. The radiated upper 
canines showed a greater retraction – 0.50 mm and 0.49 mm at months 2 and 3, 
respectively. The radiated lower canines showed a greater retraction – 0.28 mm 
and 0.52 mm at months 2 and 3, respectively. No statistically significant 
differences were observed among the upper and lower canines after the 1st month 
of retraction. When the GRADE approach was utilized, the overall quality of 
evidence limited confidence in the estimates. The qualitative description 
revealed enhanced tooth movement when LLLT was applied. The attrition bias was 
the main risk factor affecting the methodology of the studies.
CONCLUSION: Low-level laser therapy can speed up the rate of the tooth movement. 
However, the overall quality of evidence ranged from low to very low and the 
clinical significance of the obtained statistically significant differences is 
questionable. Hence, more precise studies are needed. As discussed in this 
review, it is highly recommended to express and compare the laser dosage with 
the total number of joules applied per month rather than the previously used 
J/cm2. Moreover, the previous recommendation indicating that lower energy 
densities (2.5, 5 and 8 J/cm2) are more effective than 20 and 25 J/cm2 is 
misleading.

DOI: 10.17219/dmp/112446
PMID: 32314880 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


772. J Reconstr Microsurg. 2020 Sep;36(7):507-513. doi: 10.1055/s-0040-1709493. Epub 
2020 Apr 14.

Analysis of Speech and Functional Outcomes in Tongue Reconstruction after 
Hemiglossectomy.

Yi CR(1)(2), Jeong WS(3), Oh TS(3), Koh KS(3), Choi JW(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Pusan National University, 
School of Medicine, Busan, Republic of Korea.
(2)Biomedical Research Institute, Pusan National University Hospital, Busan, 
Republic of Korea.
(3)Department of Plastic Surgery, Asan Medical Center, University of Ulsan 
College of Medicine, Seoul, Republic of Korea.

BACKGROUND:  Reconstruction in tongue cancer to restore the shape and function 
of the tongue without airway obstruction in the narrow oral cavity is 
challenging for reconstructive surgeons. Herein, the authors retrospectively 
analyzed flaps to reveal the factors that affect the functional outcome of 
tongue reconstruction.
METHODS:  Herein, we retrospectively reviewed 30 patients (men, 16; women, 14; 
mean age, 50.3 years) who underwent the hemi-tongue reconstruction followed by 
speech therapy between 2009 and 2017. Data about postoperative chemotherapy and 
radiotherapy were collected. The dimensions (width and length) of the flaps were 
measured. Speech outcomes were assessed under the conditions of varying 
distances of the tongue tip from lower incisors when it was protruded, 
retracted, and elevated. Lateralization was evaluated based on the count of 
teeth reached by the tip of the tongue from the midline.
RESULTS:  Preoperative chemotherapy and radiotherapy significantly influenced 
tongue retraction, tongue articulation, and intelligibility (p = 0.006, 0.002, 
0.048, respectively). Postoperative chemotherapy did not statistically 
significantly influence any outcome measure. Contralateralization of the tongue 
was significantly decreased in the postoperative radiotherapy group (p = 0.029). 
The length of the flap showed highly negative correlation with articulation and 
intelligibility (p = 0.009, p< 0.001, respectively). The width of the flap was 
not correlated with the outcomes.
CONCLUSION:  We proved that unlike chemotherapy, postoperative radiotherapy 
influences the functional outcome of tongue reconstruction. The dimensions, 
particularly the length of the flap, were also important for restoring the 
reconstructed tongue function.

Thieme Medical Publishers 333 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY 10001, USA.

DOI: 10.1055/s-0040-1709493
PMID: 32289846 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: None declared.


773. Sci Adv. 2020 Apr 1;6(14):eaaz9798. doi: 10.1126/sciadv.aaz9798. eCollection 
2020 Apr.

Pretargeted delivery of PI3K/mTOR small-molecule inhibitor-loaded nanoparticles 
for treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.

Au KM(1)(2), Wang AZ(1)(2), Park SI(3)(4).

Author information:
(1)Laboratory of Nano- and Translational Medicine, Carolina Center for Cancer 
Nanotechnology Excellence, Carolina Institute of Nanomedicine, University of 
North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27599, USA.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center, 
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27599, USA.
(3)Lineberger Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of North Carolina at 
Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC 27599, USA.
(4)Levine Cancer Institute, Atrium Health, Division of Hematology and Oncology, 
1021 Morehead Medical Dr, Suite 20121, Charlotte, NC 28025, USA.

Overactivation of the PI3K/mTOR signaling has been identified in non-Hodgkin's 
lymphoma. BEZ235 is an effective dual PI3K/mTOR inhibitor, but it was withdrawn 
from early-phase clinical trials owing to poor solubility and 
on-target/off-tumor toxicity. Here, we developed a nanoparticle (NP)-based 
pretargeted system for the therapeutic delivery of BEZ235 to CD20- and 
HLA-DR-expressing lymphoma cells for targeted therapy. The pretargeted system is 
composed of dibenzocyclooctyne-functionalized anti-CD20 and anti-Lym1 antibodies 
as the tumor-targeting components and azide-functionalized BEZ235-encapsulated 
NPs as the effector drug carrier. Using lymphoma cell lines with different CD20 
and HLA-DR antigen densities as examples, we demonstrate that the dual antibody 
pretargeted strategy effectively raises the number of NPs retained on the target 
tumor cells and improves the in vitro and in vivo antitumor activity of BEZ235 
through the inhibition of the PI3K/mTOR pathway. Our data demonstrate that the 
NP-based pretargeted system improves the therapeutic window of small-molecule 
kinase inhibitor.

Copyright © 2020 The Authors, some rights reserved; exclusive licensee American 
Association for the Advancement of Science. No claim to original U.S. Government 
Works. Distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution NonCommercial License 
4.0 (CC BY-NC).

DOI: 10.1126/sciadv.aaz9798
PMCID: PMC7112753
PMID: 32270047 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


774. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Exp Ther Med. 2020 Apr;19(4):3081-3089. doi: 10.3892/etm.2020.8540. Epub 2020 
Feb 21.

miR-613 suppresses migration and invasion in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma 
via the targeting of G6PD.

Su X(1)(2), Gao C(1)(2), Feng X(3), Jiang M(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Zhongda Hospital, The Affiliated Hospital of 
Southeast University, Nanjing, Jiangsu 210009, P.R. China.
(2)Clinical Medicine, School of Medicine, Southeast University, Nanjing, Jiangsu 
210009, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, General Hospital of Eastern Theater 
Command, Nanjing, Jiangsu 210002, P.R. China.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Jiangsu Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu Institute 
of Cancer Research and Nanjing Medical University Affiliated Cancer Hospital, 
Nanjing, Jiangsu 210000, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Exp Ther Med. 2023 Oct 10;26(6):547. doi: 10.3892/etm.2023.12246.

Esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) is a common cancer in China and has a 
high mortality rate. MicroRNAs (miRs) are a family of post-transcriptional 
regulators, which negatively regulate target gene expression. miR-613 has been 
revealed to be a diagnostic and prognostic biomarker in ESCC. However, the role 
of miR-613 in ESCC remains unclear. In the present study, miR-613 expression was 
identified to be reduced in tumor tissues in comparison with corresponding 
adjacent normal tissues. TargetScan and a dual-luciferase reporter assay 
verified glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) as a direct target of miR-613. 
In contrast with miR-613, G6PD expression was increased in tumor tissues 
compared with matched healthy tissues. Furthermore, overexpression of miR-613 
inhibited cell migration and invasion of Eca109 cells compared with controls, 
while G6PD overexpression reversed the inhibition induced by miR-613, as 
determined by wound healing and Transwell assays. In addition, miR-613 
overexpression decreased the mRNA and protein expression of G6PD, matrix 
metalloproteinase (MMP)2 and MMP9, and reduced the phosphorylation of signal 
transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) compared with controls, 
while G6PD reversed the effects of miR-613. However, miR-613 and G6PD did not 
affect the expression of STAT3. In conclusion, the aforementioned results 
suggest that miR-613 targets G6PD to suppress ESCC cell migration and invasion 
through reduced MMP2 and MMP9 expression and inactivation of the STAT3 signaling 
pathway. Thus, the present study may provide a new molecular foundation for 
treatment of ESCC.

Copyright: © Su et al.

DOI: 10.3892/etm.2020.8540
PMCID: PMC7086187
PMID: 32256796


775. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Cell Int. 2020 Mar 30;20:97. doi: 10.1186/s12935-020-01186-y. eCollection 
2020.

Reversible inhibitor of CRM1 sensitizes glioblastoma cells to radiation by 
blocking the NF-κB signaling pathway.

Liu X(#)(1)(2), Tu Y(#)(1)(3), Wang Y(#)(1), Zhou D(1), Chong Y(4), Shi L(1), 
Liu G(1), Zhang X(1)(2), Wu S(5), Li H(1), Gao S(1)(2), Niu M(1)(6), Yu R(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Insititute of Nervous System Diseases, Affiliated Hospital of Xuzhou Medical 
University, Xuzhou Medical University, Xuzhou, Jiangsu China.
(2)2Department of Neurosurgery, Affiliated Hospital of Xuzhou Medical 
University, Xuzhou, Jiangsu China.
(3)4Department of Neurosurgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanjing Medical 
University, Nanjing, Jiangsu China.
(4)5Department of Neurosurgery, Suqian Hospital Affiliated to Xuzhou Medical 
University, Suqian, Jiangsu China.
(5)6College of pharmacy, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH USA.
(6)3Blood Diseases Institute, Xuzhou Medical University, Xuzhou, Jiangsu China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Cancer Cell Int. 2024 Sep 18;24(1):320. doi: 10.1186/s12935-024-03508-w.

BACKGROUND: Activation of nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-κΒ) through DNA damage is 
one of the causes of tumor cell resistance to radiotherapy. Chromosome region 1 
(CRM1) regulates tumor cell proliferation, drug resistance, and radiation 
resistance by regulating the nuclear-cytoplasmic translocation of important 
tumor suppressor proteins or proto-oncoproteins. A large number of studies have 
reported that inhibition of CRM1 suppresses the activation of NF-κΒ. Thus, we 
hypothesize that the reversible CRM1 inhibitor S109 may induce radiosensitivity 
in glioblastoma (GBM) by regulating the NF-κΒ signaling pathway.
METHODS: This study utilized the cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8), 
5-ethynyl-2'-deoxyuridine (EdU), and colony formation assay to evaluate the 
effect of S109 combined with radiotherapy on the proliferation and survival of 
GBM cells. The therapeutic efficacy of S109 combined with radiotherapy was 
evaluated in vivo to explore the therapeutic mechanism of S109-induced GBM 
radiosensitization.
RESULTS: We found that S109 combined with radiotherapy significantly inhibited 
GBM cell proliferation and colony formation. By regulating the levels of 
multiple cell cycle- and apoptosis-related proteins, the combination therapy 
induced G1 cell cycle arrest in GBM cells. In vivo studies showed that S109 
combined with radiotherapy significantly inhibited the growth of intracranial 
GBM and prolonged survival. Importantly, we found that S109 combined with 
radiotherapy promoted the nuclear accumulation of IκΒα, and inhibited 
phosphorylation of p65 and the transcriptional activation of NF-κΒ.
CONCLUSION: Our findings provide a new therapeutic regimen for improving GBM 
radiosensitivity as well as a scientific basis for further clinical trials to 
evaluate this combination therapy.

© The Author(s) 2020.

DOI: 10.1186/s12935-020-01186-y
PMCID: PMC7106748
PMID: 32256206

Conflict of interest statement: Competing interestsThe authors declare that they 
have no competing interests.


776. Life Sci. 2020 Jun 15;251:117631. doi: 10.1016/j.lfs.2020.117631. Epub 2020 Apr 
3.

Structural investigation on the selective COX-2 inhibitors mediated 
cardiotoxicity: A review.

Arora M(1), Choudhary S(1), Singh PK(2), Sapra B(1), Silakari O(3).

Author information:
(1)Molecular Modelling Lab (MML), Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Drug 
Research, Punjabi University, Patiala, Punjab 147002, India.
(2)Department of Chemistry and Pharmacy, University of Sassari, 07100 Sassari, 
Italy.
(3)Molecular Modelling Lab (MML), Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Drug 
Research, Punjabi University, Patiala, Punjab 147002, India. Electronic address: 
omsilakari@gmail.com.

Initially, the selective COX-2 inhibitors were developed as safer alternatives 
to the conventional NSAIDs, but later on, most of them were withdrawn from the 
market due to the risk of heart attack and stroke. Celecoxib, the first 
selective COX-2 inhibitor, was approved by the Food and Drug Administration 
(FDA) in December 1998 and was taken back from the market in 2004. Since then, 
many coxibs have been discontinued one by one due to adverse cardiovascular 
events. United States (US), Australian and European authorities related to 
Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) implemented the requirements to carry the 
"Black box" warning on the labels of COX-2 drugs highlighting the risks of 
serious cardiovascular events. These facts encouraged the researchers to explore 
them well and find out the biochemical basis behind the cardiotoxicity. From the 
last few decades, the molecular mechanisms behind the coxibs have regained the 
attention, especially the specific structural features of the selective COX-2 
inhibitors that are associated with cardiotoxicity. This review discusses the 
key structural features of the selective COX-2 inhibitors and underlying 
mechanisms that are responsible for the cardiotoxicity. This report also unfolds 
different strategies that have been reported in the last 10 years to combat the 
problem of selective COX-2 inhibitors mediated cardiotoxicity.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.lfs.2020.117631
PMID: 32251635 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest There is no 
potential conflict of interest.


777. RETRACTED ARTICLE

JAMA Netw Open. 2020 Mar 2;3(3):e201417. doi: 10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2020.1417.

Association Between Maternal Exposure to Magnetic Field Nonionizing Radiation 
During Pregnancy and Risk of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in 
Offspring in a Longitudinal Birth Cohort.

Li DK(1), Chen H(1), Ferber JR(1), Hirst AK(1), Odouli R(1).

Author information:
(1)Division of Research, Kaiser Foundation Research Institute, Kaiser 
Permanente, Oakland, California.

Retraction in
    JAMA Netw Open. 2021 Feb 1;4(2):e2033605. doi: 
10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2020.33605.

IMPORTANCE: An association between maternal exposure to magnetic field (MF) 
nonionizing radiation during pregnancy and the risk of 
attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been reported in both animal 
and human studies.
OBJECTIVES: To determine whether maternal exposure to high levels of MF 
nonionizing radiation is associated with an increased risk of ADHD in offspring 
by using more accurate measurements of MF nonionizing radiation levels and 
physician-diagnosed ADHD, rather than self-reports, and to determine whether the 
association differs for the subtypes of ADHD with or without immune-related 
comorbidities.
DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: A longitudinal birth cohort study was 
conducted at Kaiser Permanente Northern California among 1482 mother-child pairs 
whose mothers were participants of an existing birth cohort and whose level of 
exposure to MF nonionizing radiation was captured during pregnancy in 2 studies 
conducted from October 1, 1996, to October 31, 1998, and from May 1, 2006, to 
February 29, 2012. The offspring were followed up from May 1, 1997, to December 
31, 2017.
EXPOSURE: All participating women wore a monitoring meter for 24 hours during 
pregnancy to capture the level of exposure to MF nonionizing radiation from any 
sources.
MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Physician-diagnosed ADHD and immune-related 
comorbidities of asthma or atopic dermatitis up to 20 years of age in offspring 
captured in the Kaiser Permanente Northern California electronic medical record 
from May 1, 1997, to December 31, 2017. Confounders were ascertained during 
in-person interviews during pregnancy.
RESULTS: Among the 1454 mother-child pairs (548 white [37.7%], 110 African 
American [7.6%], 325 Hispanic [22.4%], 376 Asian or Pacific Islander [25.9%], 
and 95 other or unknown [6.5%]; mean [SD] maternal age, 31.4 [5.4] years]), 61 
children (4.2%) had physician-diagnosed ADHD. Using Cox proportional hazards 
regression to account for follow-up time and confounders, compared with children 
whose mothers had a low level of exposure to MF nonionizing radiation during 
pregnancy, children whose mothers were exposed to higher levels of MF 
nonionizing radiation had more than twice the risk of ADHD (adjusted hazard 
ratio [aHR], 2.01; 95% CI, 1.06-3.81). The association was stronger for ADHD 
that persisted into adolescence (≥12 years of age), with an aHR of 3.38 (95% CI, 
1.43-8.02). When the subtypes of ADHD were examined, the association existed 
primarily for ADHD with immune-related comorbidities (asthma or atopic 
dermatitis), with an aHR of 4.57 (95% CI, 1.61-12.99) for all ADHD cases and an 
aHR of 8.27 (95% CI, 1.96-34.79) for persistent cases of ADHD.
CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Consistent with the emerging literature, this study 
suggests that in utero exposure to high levels of MF nonionizing radiation was 
associated with an increased risk of ADHD, especially ADHD with immune-related 
comorbidity. The findings should spur more research to examine the biological 
association of in utero MF exposure with risk of ADHD in offspring, given that 
almost everyone is exposed to it.

DOI: 10.1001/jamanetworkopen.2020.1417
PMCID: PMC7093768
PMID: 32207831 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest Disclosures: None reported.


778. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cell Mol Med. 2020 May;24(9):5185-5194. doi: 10.1111/jcmm.15171. Epub 2020 Mar 
21.

Long non-coding RNA Sox2 overlapping transcript (SOX2OT) promotes multiple 
myeloma progression via microRNA-143-3p/c-MET axis.

Tianhua Y(1), Dianqiu L(2), Xuanhe Z(3), Zhe Z(4), Dongmei G(5).

Author information:
(1)Departments of Blood Transfusion, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, Changchun, China.
(2)Ultrasonography Department, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, China.
(3)Shihezi University, Shihezi, China.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, Changchun, China.
(5)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, The First Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, China.

Retraction in
    J Cell Mol Med. 2024 Jan;28(2):e18102. doi: 10.1111/jcmm.18102.

Long non-coding RNA Sox2 overlapping transcript (SOX2OT) was reported to be 
involved in progression of multiple cancers. However, the role and mechanism of 
SOX2OT in multiple myeloma (MM) has yet to be unravelled. In the present study, 
elevated SOX2OT levels are reported in MM cell lines and patient samples as 
compared to normal plasma cells (nPCs) and healthy donors, respectively. 
Knock-down of SOX2OT led to a significant inhibition of cell proliferation, 
arrested cells at G0/G1 phase and induced cell apoptosis in MM samples in vitro, 
as well as slowed the growth of tumours in vivo. Additionally, our data 
indicated that SOX2OT functioned as a competing endogenous RNA (ceRNA) in MM 
cells that regulated miR-144-3p expression. Repression of miR-144-3p reversed 
the inhibition of MM development due to SOX2OT knock-down. Our data also 
revealed that SOX2OT regulated the expression of the cellular-mesenchymal to 
epithelial transition factor (c-MET, a known target of miR-143-3p) by 
functioning as a sponge of miR-144-3p in MM samples. These data support that 
SOX2OT promotes MM progression through regulating the miR-144-3p/c-MET axis, 
suggesting that SOX2OT might be as a potential therapeutic target for MM.

© 2020 The Authors. Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine published by 
Foundation for Cellular and Molecular Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/jcmm.15171
PMCID: PMC7205799
PMID: 32198978 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


779. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncol Lett. 2020 Mar;19(3):1806-1814. doi: 10.3892/ol.2020.11296. Epub 2020 Jan 
13.

MicroRNA-139-5p inhibits cell viability, migration and invasion and suppresses 
tumor growth by targeting HDGF in non-small cell lung cancer.

Zhang Z(1), Li W(2), Jiang D(3), Liu C(4), Lai Z(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, First Affiliated Hospital of Gannan 
Medical University, Ganzhou, Jiangxi 341000, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Tumor Hospital of Ganzhou, Ganzhou, Jiangxi 
341000, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Ganzhou Municipal Hospital, Ganzhou, 
Jiangxi 341000, P.R. China.
(4)School of Medical and Life Sciences, Chengdu University of TCM, Chengdu, 
Sichuan 610072, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Oncol Lett. 2023 Oct 09;26(6):503. doi: 10.3892/ol.2023.14090.

MicroRNA (miRNAs) serve key roles in the progress of various types of cancer. 
The expression of miRNA (miR)-139-5p is downregulated in several types of tumor 
and has been recognized as a tumor suppressor. However, the role of miR-139-5p 
in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) has not been investigated in detail. In 
the present study, it was demonstrated that miR-139-5p was significantly 
downregulated in NSCLC cells and tissues, and the overexpression of miR-139-5p 
in vitro induced apoptosis and significantly inhibited the viability and 
proliferation of A549 and H1299 cells. In addition, upregulation of miR-139-5p 
significantly inhibited the migration and invasion of A549 and H1299 cells. 
Hepatoma-derived growth factor (HDGF) was identified as a direct target of 
miR-139-5p. Rescue experiments demonstrated that the inhibitory function of 
miR-139-5p on cell viability, migration and invasion was partially mediated by 
suppressing HDGF expression. Furthermore, miR-139-5p exhibited efficient 
inhibition of tumor growth in a xenograft tumor mouse model of A549 cells. In 
summary, the results from the present study suggested that miR-139-5p may serve 
an important role in NSCLC by targeting HDGF and causing inhibition of cell 
viability and metastasis, as well as induction of apoptosis. miR-139-5p may also 
have the potential to serve as a therapeutic target for the treatment of NSCLC.

Copyright: © Zhang et al.

DOI: 10.3892/ol.2020.11296
PMCID: PMC7039177
PMID: 32194674


780. J Contemp Brachytherapy. 2020 Feb;12(1):35-43. doi: 10.5114/jcb.2020.92699. Epub 
2020 Feb 28.

Dosimetric comparison of two different applicators and rectal retraction methods 
used in inverse optimization-based intracavitary brachytherapy for cervical 
cancer.

Biltekin F(1), Gultekin M(1), Yilmaz MT(1), Yildiz F(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Faculty of Medicine, Hacettepe University, 
Ankara, Turkey.

PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the dosimetric differences 
between two different applicators and rectal-retraction methods used in 
image-guided brachytherapy (IGBT) for locally advanced cervical cancer (LACC).
MATERIAL AND METHODS: Ten patients with LACC treated with definitive 
chemoradiotherapy and inverse optimization-based IGBT were included in this 
study. In each patient, at least one fraction of IGBT was performed using 
tandem-ovoids (TO) with vaginal gauze packing (VGP) or tandem-ring (TR) with 
rectal-retractor (RR). High-risk clinical target volume (CTVHR) and 
intermediate-risk CTV (CTVIR) were defined as CTVs, and bladder, rectum, 
sigmoid, small bowel, urethra, and vaginal mucosa were defined as organs at risk 
(OARs). All patients received 50.4 Gy external beam radiotherapy (EBRT) in 28 
fractions. After EBRT, 28 Gy high-dose-rate (HDR) IGBT in 4 fractions was 
delivered to central disease. A plan comparison was performed using dose-volume 
histogram (DVH) and treatment planning parameters for CTVs and OARs.
RESULTS: There were no significant differences in D90 values of CTVHR. In terms 
of rectum dose, TR with RR was found to be significantly better than TO with VGP 
(p < 0.0001 for D2cm3 and p < 0.013 for V5Gy). Although, there were no 
statistically significant differences in D2cm3 value of bladder, sigmoid, small 
bowel, upper vaginal mucosa, and urethra, mean value of D2cm3 for all defined 
OARs were found lower in TR than in TO. Bladder V7Gy, upper vaginal mucosa V7Gy, 
middle and lower vaginal mucosa D2cm3 values were all found to be significantly 
lower for TR than for TO (p < 0.035). CTVHR and CTVIR volumes contoured in TR 
were approximately 11% and 9% smaller than TO, respectively.
CONCLUSIONS: The results showed that there were no statistically differences in 
D90 value of CTVHR and CTVIR. However, all DVH parameters for OARs in TR with RR 
were found to be better than in TO with VGP.

Copyright © 2020 Termedia.

DOI: 10.5114/jcb.2020.92699
PMCID: PMC7073337
PMID: 32190068

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflict of interest.


781. Nature. 2020 Mar;579(7799):456. doi: 10.1038/s41586-020-2112-4.

Retraction Note: Lysyl oxidase is essential for hypoxia-induced metastasis.

Erler JT(1), Bennewith KL(1), Nicolau M(2), Dornhöfer N(3), Kong C(4), Le QT(1), 
Chi JA(5), Jeffrey SS(2), Giaccia AJ(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Stanford University School of Medicine, 
Stanford, California, USA.
(2)Department of Surgery, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, 
California, USA.
(3)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, University of Leipzig, Leipzig, 
Germany.
(4)Department of Pathology, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, 
California, USA.
(5)Department of Molecular Genetics and Microbiology, Duke University, Durham, 
North Carolina, USA.
(6)Department of Radiation Oncology, Stanford University School of Medicine, 
Stanford, California, USA. giaccia@stanford.edu.

Retraction of
    Nature. 2006 Apr 27;440(7088):1222-6. doi: 10.1038/nature04695.

A Retraction to this paper has been published and can be accessed via a link at 
the top of the paper.

DOI: 10.1038/s41586-020-2112-4
PMID: 32188947


782. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Acta Otolaryngol. 2020 Jul;140(7):603-609. doi: 10.1080/00016489.2020.1737330. 
Epub 2020 Mar 18.

Neoadjuvant chemotherapy as a comprehensive treatment in patients with laryngeal 
and hypopharyngeal carcinoma.

Wei XF(1), Srivastava A(2), Lin P(1), Li L(1), Zhang S(1), Peng X(1), Liu C(3), 
Liu L(4), Wu LR(5), Li GJ(2), Li YC(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otorhinolaryngology Head and Neck, Tianjin First Central 
Hospital, Tianjin, China.
(2)Department of Head and Neck Surgery, University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX, USA.
(3)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing 
Medical University, Chongqing, China.
(4)Department of Ophthalmology, Yuhuangding Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Yantai, China.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Nanjing Medical University Affiliated 
Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu Institute of Cancer Research, 
Nanjing, China.
(6)Department of Otorhinolaryngology, Union Hospital, Tongji Medical College, 
Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, China.

Retraction in
    Acta Otolaryngol. 2020 Jul;140(7):viii. doi: 10.1080/00016489.2020.1817662.

Background: Neoadjuvant chemotherapy is important for advanced laryngeal and 
hypopharyngeal carcinoma (LHC).Aims/objectives: To determine the efficacy and 
toxicity of the combination of docetaxel, nedaplatin, and 5-fluorouracil in 
induction treatment of advanced LHC.Material and methods: A total of 157 cancer 
patients were included. The primary endpoints of this study were overall 
response rate, pathological complete response rate, the safety of induction 
treatment, progression-free survival (PFS), and overall survival (OS).Results: 
After two-cycle induction treatment, 17(10.8%) patients experienced complete 
remission, 76 (48.4%) experienced partial remission, 47 (30.0%) had stable 
disease, and 17 (10.8%) had progressive disease. The TNM stage decreased by two 
or more in 17 cases, decreased by one in 71 cases, increased in 15 cases, and 
did not change in 54 cases after induction treatment. Most of the adverse 
chemotherapy responses were alleviated by symptomatic management. After the 
induction treatment, 29 patients continued receiving chemotherapy followed by 
radiotherapy, and 112 underwent surgical management depending on tumor site 
followed by radiotherapy. The median PFS was 13.00 ± 2.10 months and the median 
OS was 14.20 ± 0.29 months.Conclusions and significance: Combination of 
docetaxel, nedaplatin, and 5-fluorouracil plays an important role in the 
comprehensive treatment of advanced LHC.

DOI: 10.1080/00016489.2020.1737330
PMID: 32186224


783. Sci Rep. 2020 Mar 17;10(1):4890. doi: 10.1038/s41598-020-61848-9.

Time course of bilateral microglial activation in a mouse model of laser-induced 
glaucoma.

Ramírez AI(#)(1)(2), de Hoz R(#)(1)(2), Fernández-Albarral JA(1), 
Salobrar-Garcia E(1)(3), Rojas B(1)(3), Valiente-Soriano FJ(4), Avilés-Trigueros 
M(4), Villegas-Pérez MP(4), Vidal-Sanz M(4), Triviño A(1)(3), Ramírez JM(5)(6), 
Salazar JJ(7)(8).

Author information:
(1)Instituto de Investigaciones Oftalmológicas Ramón Castroviejo, Universidad 
Complutense de Madrid, Madrid, Spain.
(2)Facultad de Óptica y Optometría, Departamento de Inmunología, Oftalmología y 
ORL, Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Madrid, Spain.
(3)Facultad de Medicina, Departamento de Inmunología, Oftalmología y ORL, 
Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Madrid, Spain.
(4)Departamento de Oftalmología, Facultad de Medicina, Universidad de Murcia and 
Instituto Murciano de Investigación Biosanitaria Virgen de la Arrixaca, Murcia, 
Spain.
(5)Instituto de Investigaciones Oftalmológicas Ramón Castroviejo, Universidad 
Complutense de Madrid, Madrid, Spain. ramirezs@med.ucm.es.
(6)Facultad de Medicina, Departamento de Inmunología, Oftalmología y ORL, 
Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Madrid, Spain. ramirezs@med.ucm.es.
(7)Instituto de Investigaciones Oftalmológicas Ramón Castroviejo, Universidad 
Complutense de Madrid, Madrid, Spain. jjsalazar@med.ucm.es.
(8)Facultad de Óptica y Optometría, Departamento de Inmunología, Oftalmología y 
ORL, Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Madrid, Spain. jjsalazar@med.ucm.es.
(#)Contributed equally

Microglial activation is associated with glaucoma. In the model of unilateral 
laser-induced ocular hypertension (OHT), the time point at which the 
inflammatory process peaks remains unknown. Different time points (1, 3, 5, 8, 
and 15 d) were compared to analyze signs of microglial activation both in OHT 
and contralateral eyes. In both eyes, microglial activation was detected in all 
retinal layers at all time points analyzed, including: i) increase in the cell 
number in the outer segment photoreceptor layer and plexiform layers (only in 
OHT eyes) from 3 d onward; ii) increase in soma size from 1 d onward; iii) 
retraction of the processes from 1 d in OHT eyes and 3 d in contralateral eyes; 
iv) increase in the area of the retina occupied by Iba-1+ cells in the nerve 
fiber layer/ganglion cell layer from 1 d onward; v) increase in the number of 
vertical processes from 1 d in contralateral eyes and 3 d in OHT eyes. In OHT 
eyes at 24 h and 15 d, most Iba-1+ cells were P2RY12+ and were down-regulated at 
3 and 5 d. In both eyes, microglial activation was stronger at 3 and 5 d 
(inflammation peaked in this model). These time points could be useful to 
identify factors implicated in the inflammatory process.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-020-61848-9
PMCID: PMC7078298
PMID: 32184450 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


784. J Cell Mol Med. 2020 Apr;24(8):4773-4783. doi: 10.1111/jcmm.15151. Epub 2020 Mar 
16.

Humanin analogue, HNG, inhibits platelet activation and thrombus formation by 
stabilizing platelet microtubules.

Ren L(1), Li Q(1), You T(1), Zhao X(1), Xu X(2), Tang C(1), Zhu L(1).

Author information:
(1)Suzhou Key Laboratory of Thrombosis and Vascular Diseases, State Key 
Laboratory of Radiation Medicine and Protection, Cyrus Tang Hematology Center, 
Collaborative Innovation Center of Hematology of Jiangsu Province, Soochow 
University, Suzhou, China.
(2)The Institute of Neuroscience, Soochow University, Suzhou, China.

HNG, a highly potent mutant of the anti-Alzheimer peptide-humanin, has been 
shown to protect against ischaemia-reperfusion (I/R) injury. However, the 
underlying mechanism related to platelet activation remains unknown. We proposed 
that HNG has an effect on platelet function and thrombus formation. In this 
study, platelet aggregation, granule secretion, clot retraction, integrin 
activation and adhesion under flow conditions were evaluated. In mice receiving 
HNG or saline, cremaster arterial thrombus formation induced by laser injury, 
tail bleeding time and blood loss were recorded. Platelet microtubule 
depolymerization was evaluated using immunofluorescence staining. Results showed 
that HNG inhibited platelet aggregation, P-selectin expression, ATP release, and 
αIIb β3 activation and adhesion under flow conditions. Mice receiving HNG had 
attenuated cremaster arterial thrombus formation, although the bleeding time was 
not prolonged. Moreover, HNG significantly inhibited microtubule 
depolymerization, enhanced tubulin acetylation in platelets stimulated by 
fibrinogen or microtubule depolymerization reagent, nocodazole, and inhibited 
AKT and ERK phosphorylation downstream of HDAC6 by collagen stimulation. 
Therefore, our results identified a novel role of HNG in platelet function and 
thrombus formation potentially through stabilizing platelet microtubules via 
tubulin acetylation. These findings suggest a potential benefit of HNG in the 
management of cardiovascular diseases.

© 2020 The Authors. Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine published by 
Foundation for Cellular and Molecular Medicine and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/jcmm.15151
PMCID: PMC7176859
PMID: 32174022 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


785. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Microb Pathog. 2020 Jul;144:104126. doi: 10.1016/j.micpath.2020.104126. Epub 
2020 Mar 12.

Co infection of respiratory syncytial viruses (RSV) and streptococcus pneumonia 
modulates pathogenesis and dependent of serotype and phase variant.

Yan T(1), Tang X(2), Sun L(2), Tian R(1), Li Z(2), Liu G(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Clinical Laboratory, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao 
University, Qingdao, Shandong, 266000, China.
(2)Department of Radiology, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Qingdao, Shandong, 266000, China.
(3)Department of Radiology, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Qingdao, Shandong, 266000, China. Electronic address: liugzh5750@163.com.

Retraction in
    Microb Pathog. 2022 Apr;165:105486. doi: 10.1016/j.micpath.2022.105486.

Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumococcus) is touted to be the generally found 
pathogen in patients with respiratory issues and there is an epidemiologic 
linkage present between Respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). This study aim at 
investigating the interaction between RSV and two serotypes of S. pneumoniae 
using a distinct animal model and a well-established colonizing pneumococcal 
strain. Phase variants phenotype of each strain was determined under oblique 
light. Co infection model was developed using BALB/c mice housed in a BSL-2 
facility. Coinfection experiments were performed and number of bacterial 
colonies was quantified and phase determination was evaluated. RSV was detected 
in sample through real-time quantitative PCR. Adherence assays were performed to 
determine adherence of Spn strains and its knock out ΔNanA to nasopharyngeal 
carcinoma (NPC) epithelial CNE3 cell line. The biofilm viability was determined 
and phase composition was counted using plate count. Neuraminidase activity was 
measured in fluorometircassessed using 
2'-(4-methylumbelliferyl)-α-D-N-acetylneuraminic acid (MUAN) as substrate as 
described in earlier literature. The GraphPad Software version 5.01 i.e., 
GraphPad Prism was used to conduct the statistical analysis. The extent of 
bacterial colonization was increased significantly (p < 0.05), when the mice 
were co infected. Nasal epithelium remained intact in mock sample with features 
of a thick mucociliary border. A small percentage of pneumococci exhibit phase 
variation between opaque phase and transparent phase. The percentage adherent of 
both phase were not found to be varying significantly within serotype but it was 
seen that nonpathogenic type 27 was more adherent. Biofilm formation was 
selectively more for transparent phase from a mixed-phase inoculum. Adherence of 
both phase variant of S. pneumoniae to nasopharyngeal epithelial cells 2 h post 
infection expressed as the percentage of adherent bacteria relative to the 
inoculum. In absence of viral infection, the nasal colonization of the opaque 
and the transparent variant was increased many folds, which was a significant 
differences. The extent of nasal colonization by the ΔNanA mutant strain were 
significantly reduced post-bacterial infection for both type of wild-type 
(P < 0.05). The findings explore insights into the interactions occurring 
between S. pneumoniae and RSV during respiratory infections and pneumococcal 
acquisition, indicate that pneumococcal serotypes have different ability to 
cause infection as well as co infections and potentially follow an unappreciated 
mechanism. Much more research work is needed to further understand the minutiae 
of this interaction within co-infection process.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.micpath.2020.104126
PMID: 32173494 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of competing interest The authors 
declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal 
relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this 
paper.


786. Complement Ther Med. 2020 Mar;49:102336. doi: 10.1016/j.ctim.2020.102336. Epub 
2020 Feb 3.

High expectations: The landscape of clinical trials of medical marijuana in 
oncology.

Goyal S(1), Kubendran S(2), Kogan M(3), Rao YJ(2).

Author information:
(1)Radiation Oncology, George Washington University School of Medicine and 
Health Sciences, Washington, DC, United States. Electronic address: 
shgoyal@mfa.gwu.edu.
(2)Radiation Oncology, George Washington University School of Medicine and 
Health Sciences, Washington, DC, United States.
(3)Center for Integrative Medicine, George Washington University School of 
Medicine and Health Sciences, Washington, DC, United States.

PURPOSE: Given the infancy and evolving complexity of medicinal marijuana, an 
evolving political landscape, and the growing frequency of its use in cancer 
care, it is important for oncologists to be actively engaged in developing and 
successfully implementing clinical trials focusing on medical marijuana. The 
purpose of this study was to analyze and evaluate trends in clinical trials 
focused on medical marijuana in oncology.
PATIENTS AND METHODS: Using 3 web-based registries, Clinicaltrials.gov, European 
Union Clinical Trials Register (EU-CTR), and the World Health Organization (WHO) 
International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP), we queried for search 
terms related to marijuana and oncology. This search identified approximately 48 
oncology clinical trials involving medical marijuana. We restricted our 
selection to clinical trials registered between January 2002 and May 2019. Data 
were summarized using descriptive statistics, and qualitative data were 
represented as frequency and percentage.
RESULTS: A total of 474,043 trials were queried in the databases and the search 
strategy returned 48 trials since 2002 that met criteria for analysis in the 
current study: 36 from ClinicalTrials.gov, 8 from EU CTR, and 4 from ICTRP. Mean 
trial enrollment was 370 participants, median 53, with range of 6-10000 
participants. In total, 25 % trials were phase I, 12.5 % were phase I/II, 27.1 % 
were phase II, 4 % were phase II/III, 18.8 % were phase III, and 12.5 % were 
unknown. The recruitment status were "not yet recruiting", "recruiting", 
"active, not recruiting", "completed", "terminated/withdrawn", and "unknown" in 
6 (12.5 %), 14 (29.2 %), 0 (0 %), 20 (41.7 %), 5 (10.4 %), and 3 (6.3 %) trials, 
respectively. The trial start years were "2002-2005″, 2006-2009, 2010-2013, 
2014-2017, and 2018-Present in 4 (8.3 %), 5 (10.4 %), 10 (20.8 %), 15 (31.3 %), 
and 14 (29.2 %) of trials, respectively. Lastly, synthetic or branded compounds 
were investigated in 26 (54.2 %) of trials since 2002.
CONCLUSION: Our results indicate that across oncology, there is growing interest 
in clinical research in the use of medical marijuana.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ctim.2020.102336
PMID: 32147080 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Competing Interest None.


787. Complement Ther Med. 2020 Mar;49:102286. doi: 10.1016/j.ctim.2019.102286. Epub 
2020 Jan 10.

What is wrong with the meta-analyses on honey and oral mucositis due to cancer 
therapies?

Münstedt K(1), Männle H(2).

Author information:
(1)Karsten Münstedt, Ortenau Klinikum Offenburg-Kehl, Ebertplatz 12, 77654 
Offenburg, Germany. Electronic address: karsten.muenstedt@ortenau-klinikum.de.
(2)Karsten Münstedt, Ortenau Klinikum Offenburg-Kehl, Ebertplatz 12, 77654 
Offenburg, Germany.

OBJECTIVES: The results of meta-analyses currently represent the highest level 
of evidence in modern medicine. Taking the example of radiotherapy and 
radiochemotherapy-induced oral mucositis and the effects of honey, we analysed 
six meta-analyses on the topic to assess the quality of the meta-analyses.
DESIGN: We analysed the various meta-analyses in detail and compared whether the 
authors have correctly included the various trials or not.
RESULTS: We found that the quality of these meta-analyses was low. Especially 
the more recent meta-analyses included trials in which radiotherapy was not part 
of the medical intervention or where substances other than pure honey were used.
CONCLUSIONS: It is impossible to determine the underlying reasons why these 
meta-analyses were able to pass the peer-review system without the request for 
adequate improvements prior to publication. According to the literature at least 
7% of the included meta-analyses revealed false results, but it was assumed that 
due to limitations of external validity and to the decreased likelihood of 
updating positive meta-analyses, the true proportion of false positives in the 
meta-analysis was likely to be higher. However, it is crucial that when severe 
flaws in meta-analyses are detected that they be reported or the meta-analyses 
are withdrawn, otherwise the normal reader will take the results as given.

Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ctim.2019.102286
PMID: 32147054 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


788. J Vasc Interv Radiol. 2020 May;31(5):720-727. doi: 10.1016/j.jvir.2019.10.006. 
Epub 2020 Feb 29.

Tumor Seeding along the Puncture Tract in CT-Guided Interstitial High-Dose-Rate 
Brachytherapy.

Büttner L(1), Lüdemann WM(2), Jonczyk M(2), Denecke T(2), Schnapauff D(2), 
Wieners G(2), Wust P(3), Gebauer B(2), Böning G(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Charité, Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Augustenburger 
Platz 1, 13353 Berlin, Germany. Electronic address: laura.buettner@charite.de.
(2)Department of Radiology, Charité, Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Augustenburger 
Platz 1, 13353 Berlin, Germany.
(3)Department of Radiooncology and Radiotherapy, Charité, Universitätsmedizin 
Berlin, Augustenburger Platz 1, 13353 Berlin, Germany.

PURPOSE: To quantify the occurrence of tumor seeding in computed tomography 
(CT)-guided high-dose-rate brachytherapy (HDRBT) and to identify potential risk 
factors.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: CT-HDRBT is a minimally invasive therapeutic option for 
local ablation of unresectable tumors. The procedure involves CT-guided 
placement of an enclosed catheter and high-dose-rate brachytherapy using 
iridium-192. Transcutaneous puncture of a tumor with subsequent retraction of 
the applicator has the potential risk of tumor seeding along the puncture tract. 
A total of 1,765 consecutive CT-HDRBT procedures were performed at this center 
between 2006 and 2017 and were retrospectively analyzed. In addition, a 
distinction was made between whether the puncture tract was irradiated or not. 
Follow-up imaging datasets were evaluated for tumor seeding along the former 
puncture tracts. Descriptive and exploratory statistical analyses of the data 
were performed.
RESULTS: Tumor seeding was observed in 25 cases (25 of 1,765 cases [1.5%]). A 
total of 0.008 cases occurred per person-age. Patient age was identified as a 
potential risk factor with an odds ratio of 1.046 (95% confidence interval, 
1.003-1.091; P = .04). There were no differences between whether the puncture 
tract was irradiated or not (P = .552).
CONCLUSIONS: Tumor seeding along the puncture tract can occur in CT-HDRBT but is 
rare.

Copyright © 2019 SIR. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jvir.2019.10.006
PMID: 32127321 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


789. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Cycle. 2020 Mar;19(6):652-665. doi: 10.1080/15384101.2019.1711314. Epub 
2020 Mar 3.

Elevation of microRNA-512-5p inhibits MUC1 to reduce radioresistance in cervical 
cancer.

Zhang J(1), Wang L(1), Jiang J(1), Qiao Z(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gynaecology, Cancer Hospital of China Medical University, 
Liaoning Cancer Hospital&Institute, Shenyang City, Liaoning Province, PR China.

Retraction in
    Cell Cycle. 2022 Sep;21(17):1890. doi: 10.1080/15384101.2022.2080980.

Researches about the role of several microRNAs (miRNAs) in cervical cancer were 
performed by previous studies, but the function of miR-512-5p in cervical cancer 
is rare to see. Thus, we aimed to investigate the effect and mechanism of 
miR-512-5p on radiosensitivity in cervical cancer by regulating MUC1 expression. 
First, 111 patients with cervical cancer were divided into radiotherapy 
sensitive group and radiotherapy resistant group. After that, miR-512-5p 
expression in cancer tissues from two groups was detected. Next, RT-qPCR was 
used to detect miR-512-5p expression in radiotherapy resistant cervical cancer 
cells SiHa and radiotherapy sensitive cervical cancer cells Me180. Moreover, 
SiHa and Me180 cells were treated with miR-512-5p overexpression and MUC1 poor 
expression plasmids. With 0 Gy, 2 Gy, 4 Gy, 6 Gy and 8 Gy irradiation, 
proliferation, colony formation ability and apoptosis of cervical cancer cells 
were determined. Also, cell lines that overexpressed miR-512-5p and 
overexpressed MUC1 were then constructed to observe the changes in cell 
radiosensitivity. MiR-512-5p was down-regulated and MUC1 was up-regulated in 
radiotherapy resistant cervical cancer tissues and cells. Overexpression of 
miR-512-5p and down-regulation of MUC1 increased the apoptosis and reduced cell 
survival rate of cervical cancer cells after radiotherapy. Overexpression of 
miR-512-5p reversed the effect of MUC1 overexpression on decreasing cell 
apoptosis and elevating cell survival rate of cervical cancer cells. Our study 
provides evidence that elevation of miR-512-5p contributes to the reduction of 
radioresistance in cervical cancer cells by inhibiting MUC1 expression.

DOI: 10.1080/15384101.2019.1711314
PMCID: PMC7145329
PMID: 32126879 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


790. Rev Sci Instrum. 2020 Feb 1;91(2):023706. doi: 10.1063/1.5131306.

Talbot-Lau interferometry-based x-ray imaging system with retractable and 
rotatable gratings for nondestructive testing.

Morimoto N(1), Kimura K(1), Shirai T(1), Doki T(1), Sano S(1), Horiba A(1), 
Kitamura K(1).

Author information:
(1)Radiation Technology Unit, Technology Research Laboratory, Shimadzu 
Corporation, 3-9-4 Hikaridai, Seika-cho, Soraku-gun, 619-0237 Kyoto, Japan.

We develop an x-ray imaging system based on Talbot-Lau interferometry equipped 
with a mechanical structure for retracting and rotating gratings from the 
optical axis, which enables not only x-ray phase contrast imaging but also 
conventional x-ray imaging with high-magnification such as microcomputed 
tomography (μCT). We investigate the characterization of carbon fiber reinforced 
plastic (CFRP) laminates using this apparatus. Microcracks and fiber 
orientations are visualized in the dark-field images. Compared with the obtained 
μCT images, the relationship between the CFRP microstructures and the contrasts 
in the dark-field images are recognizable.

DOI: 10.1063/1.5131306
PMID: 32113388


791. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Transl Cancer Res. 2020 Mar;9(3):1406-1417. doi: 10.21037/tcr.2020.01.32.

Over-expression of HDAC8 down-regulate CDKN2A is associated with worse prognosis 
of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.

Nesa EU(1), Chen X(1), Wang C(1), Chen X(1), Wang Y(2), Qu Y(1), Mi S(1), Guan 
S(1), Xiao F(1), Cheng Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Qilu Hospital of Shandong University, 
Ji'nan 250012, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Linyi People's Hospital, Linyi 276003, 
China.

Retraction in
    Transl Cancer Res. 2021 Jul;10(7):3605. doi: 10.21037/tcr-21-1136.

BACKGROUND: The epigenetic alteration has an impact on cancer cell cycle 
regulation. Expression of histone deacetylase 8 (HDAC8) ruled out the expression 
of cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 2A (CDKN2A) and this is linked with the 
prognosis of Esophageal cancer (EC) patients.
METHODS: By the immunohistochemical staining, we examined the expression status 
of HDAC8 and CDKN2A protein of 110 esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) 
patients in the tissue microarray. The nuclear staining intensity was counted by 
immunoreactivity scoring ranging from 0 to 12 and grouped them into two; weak or 
non-expression and over-expression.
RESULTS: The median follow-up duration of our study was 71 months 
postoperatively. Up-regulation of HDAC8 expression and down-regulation of CDKN2A 
(p16) indicate decreased 5-year overall survival (OS) (P=0.003) and (P=0.001) 
respectively and progression-free survival (PFS) (P=0.005, P=0.001) 
respectively, which are statistically significant and determined by Kaplan-Meier 
estimates using log-rank test. Consequently, HDAC8 and CDKN2A act as an 
independent prognostic biomarker, for OS and PFS that analyzed by multivariate 
cox-regression analysis, HR 1.173 with 95% CI: 0.215-6.416 and P=0.003 and HR 
1.217 with 95% CI: 0.224-6.600 and P=0.005 respectively. Spearman rank test 
establish the negative correlation between HDAC8 and CDKN2A.
CONCLUSIONS: Over-expression of HDAC8 and weak or no expression of CDKN2A have a 
worse impact on EC patients and indicate poor survival and progression of the 
disease and act as a promising prognostic parameter.

2020 Translational Cancer Research. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.21037/tcr.2020.01.32
PMCID: PMC8798431
PMID: 35117488

Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: All authors have 
completed the ICMJE uniform disclosure form (available at 
http://dx.doi.org/10.21037/tcr.2020.01.32). The authors have no conflicts of 
interest to declare.


792. Nucleic Acids Res. 2020 Apr 6;48(6):3396. doi: 10.1093/nar/gkaa119.

Involvement of Hus1 in the chain elongation step of DNA replication after 
exposure to camptothecin or ionizing radiation.

Wang X(1), Guan J(1), Hu B(1), Weiss RS(2), Iliakis G(3), Wang Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Kimmel Cancer Center of Jefferson Medical 
College, Thomas Jefferson University, Philadelphia, PA 19107, USA.
(2)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Cornell University, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA.
(3)Institute of Medical Radiation Biology, University of Duisburg-Essen Medical 
School, 45122 Essen, Germany.

Retraction of
    Nucleic Acids Res. 2004 Feb 03;32(2):767-75. doi: 10.1093/nar/gkh243.

DOI: 10.1093/nar/gkaa119
PMCID: PMC7102944
PMID: 32095815


793. J Neurosci. 2020 Apr 1;40(14):2960-2974. doi: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.2402-19.2020. 
Epub 2020 Feb 24.

Microglial Depletion with CSF1R Inhibitor During Chronic Phase of Experimental 
Traumatic Brain Injury Reduces Neurodegeneration and Neurological Deficits.

Henry RJ(1), Ritzel RM(2), Barrett JP(2), Doran SJ(2), Jiao Y(3), Leach JB(3), 
Szeto GL(3)(4)(5), Wu J(2), Stoica BA(2)(6)(7), Faden AI(2), Loane DJ(1)(8).

Author information:
(1)Department of Anesthesiology and Shock, Trauma and Anesthesiology Research 
(STAR) Center, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, Maryland 
21201, rhenry@som.umaryland.edu loanedj@tcd.ie.
(2)Department of Anesthesiology and Shock, Trauma and Anesthesiology Research 
(STAR) Center, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, Maryland 
21201.
(3)Department of Chemical, Biochemical and Environmental Engineering, University 
of Maryland, Baltimore County, Maryland 21250.
(4)Marlene and Stewart Greenebaum Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of 
Maryland, Baltimore, Maryland 21201.
(5)Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of Maryland School of 
Medicine, Baltimore, Maryland 21201.
(6)Division of Translational Radiation Sciences (DTRS), Department of Radiation 
Oncology, University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, Maryland 21201.
(7)VA Maryland Health Care System, Baltimore VA Medical Center, Baltimore 
Maryland 21201, and.
(8)School of Biochemistry and Immunology, Trinity Biomedical Sciences Institute, 
Trinity College, Dublin, Ireland.

Comment in
    J Neurosci. 2020 Oct 21;40(43):8211-8213. doi: 
10.1523/JNEUROSCI.1336-20.2020.

Chronic neuroinflammation with sustained microglial activation occurs following 
severe traumatic brain injury (TBI) and is believed to contribute to subsequent 
neurodegeneration and neurological deficits. Microglia, the primary innate 
immune cells in brain, are dependent on colony stimulating factor 1 receptor 
(CSF1R) signaling for their survival. In this preclinical study, we examined the 
effects of delayed depletion of chronically activated microglia on functional 
recovery and neurodegeneration up to 3 months postinjury. A CSF1R inhibitor, 
Plexxikon (PLX) 5622, was administered to adult male C57BL/6J mice at 1 month 
after controlled cortical impact to remove chronically activated microglia, and 
the inhibitor was withdrawn 1-week later to allow for microglial repopulation. 
Following TBI, the repopulated microglia displayed a ramified morphology similar 
to that of Sham uninjured mice, whereas microglia in vehicle-treated TBI mice 
showed the typical chronic posttraumatic hypertrophic morphology. PLX5622 
treatment limited TBI-associated neuropathological changes at 3 months 
postinjury; these included a smaller cortical lesion, reduced hippocampal neuron 
cell death, and decreased NOX2- and NLRP3 inflammasome-associated 
neuroinflammation. Furthermore, delayed depletion of chronically activated 
microglia after TBI led to widespread changes in the cortical transcriptome and 
altered gene pathways involved in neuroinflammation, oxidative stress, and 
neuroplasticity. Using a variety of complementary neurobehavioral tests, 
PLX5622-treated TBI mice also had improved long-term motor and cognitive 
function recovery through 3 months postinjury. Together, these studies 
demonstrate that chronic phase removal of neurotoxic microglia after TBI using 
CSF1R inhibitors markedly reduce chronic neuroinflammation and associated 
neurodegeneration, as well as related motor and cognitive deficits.SIGNIFICANCE 
STATEMENT Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a debilitating neurological disorder 
that can seriously impact the patient's quality of life. Microglial-mediated 
neuroinflammation is induced after severe TBI and contributes to neurological 
deficits and on-going neurodegenerative processes. Here, we investigated the 
effect of breaking the neurotoxic neuroinflammatory loop at 1-month after 
controlled cortical impact in mice by pharmacological removal of chronically 
activated microglia using a colony stimulating factor 1 receptor (CSF1R) 
inhibitor, Plexxikon 5622. Overall, we show that short-term elimination of 
microglia during the chronic phase of TBI followed by repopulation results in 
long-term improvements in neurological function, suppression of 
neuroinflammatory and oxidative stress pathways, and a reduction in persistent 
neurodegenerative processes. These studies are clinically relevant and support 
new concepts that the therapeutic window for TBI may be far longer than 
traditionally believed if chronic and evolving microglial-mediated 
neuroinflammation can be inhibited or regulated in a precise manner.

Copyright © 2020 the authors.

DOI: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.2402-19.2020
PMCID: PMC7117897
PMID: 32094203 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


794. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2020 Jun 1;107(2):344-352. doi: 
10.1016/j.ijrobp.2020.02.021. Epub 2020 Feb 19.

Single-Institution Phase 1/2 Prospective Clinical Trial of Single-Fraction, 
High-Gradient Adjuvant Partial-Breast Irradiation for Hormone Sensitive Stage 
0-I Breast Cancer.

Kennedy WR(1), Thomas MA(1), Stanley JA(1), Luo J(2), Ochoa LL(1), Clifton 
KK(3), Cyr AE(4), Margenthaler JA(4), DeWees TA(5), Price A(1), Kashani R(6), 
Green O(1), Zoberi I(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Washington University School of Medicine, 
St Louis, Missouri.
(2)Department of Surgery, Siteman Cancer Center Biostatistics Core, Washington 
University School of Medicine, St Louis, Missouri.
(3)Division of Oncology, Washington University School of Medicine, St Louis, 
Missouri.
(4)Department of Surgery, Washington University School of Medicine, St Louis, 
Missouri.
(5)Department of Biomedical Statistics and Informatics, Mayo Clinic, Scottsdale, 
Arizona.
(6)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, 
Michigan.
(7)Department of Radiation Oncology, Washington University School of Medicine, 
St Louis, Missouri. Electronic address: izoberi@wustl.edu.

PURPOSE: We sought to evaluate the feasibility and tolerability of a novel 
accelerated partial breast irradiation regimen delivered in a single fraction 
postoperatively.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: We enrolled 50 patients with low-risk, hormone-sensitive 
breast cancer from 2015 to 2018 on a prospective phase 1/2 trial to receive 
single-fraction, high-gradient partial-breast irradiation (SFHGPBI) 2 to 8 weeks 
after lumpectomy for node-negative, invasive, or in situ breast cancer. The high 
gradient was achieved by prescribing 20 Gy to the surgical bed and 5 Gy to the 
breast tissue within 1 cm of the surgical bed simultaneously in 1 fraction using 
external beam.
RESULTS: The median age was 65 (range, 52-84). Ten patients (20%) had 
small-volume ductal carcinoma in situ while the remainder had stage I disease. 
At a median follow-up of 25 months, we evaluated toxicity, patient- and 
physician-reported cosmesis, patient-reported quality of life (QOL), and initial 
tumor control. There was no Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events v4.0 
grade 3+ toxicity. Only 34% of patients experienced grade 1 erythema. 
Good-to-excellent pretreatment cosmesis was present in 100% and 98% per 
physicians and patients, respectively, and did not change post-SFHGPBI. 
Quantitative cosmesis by percentage of breast retraction assessment 
significantly improved over time during the post-SFHGPBI period per mixed 
repeated measures modeling (P = .0026). QOL per European Organization for 
Research and Treatment of Cancer QOL Questionnaires C30 and BR-23 did not 
decline other than temporarily in the systemic therapy effects and hair loss 
domains, both of which returned to pretreatment values. There was 1 noninvasive 
in-breast recurrence in a separate untreated quadrant 18 months post-SFHGPBI and 
1 isolated axillary recurrence 30 months post-SFHGPBI, both salvaged 
successfully. There were no distant recurrences or cancer-related deaths 
observed.
CONCLUSIONS: Accelerated partial-breast irradiation delivered in a single 
fraction postoperatively using external beam techniques is a novel, feasible, 
well-tolerated regimen. SFHGPBI does not adversely affect cosmesis or QOL as 
reported by both physicians and patients. Initial tumor control rates are 
excellent, with longer follow-up required to confirm efficacy.

Copyright © 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ijrobp.2020.02.021
PMID: 32084524 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


795. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Tissue Bank. 2020 Jun;21(2):249-256. doi: 10.1007/s10561-020-09817-4. Epub 
2020 Feb 17.

Investigation of the mechanism of gamma irradiation effect on bovine bone.

Rahman N(1), Khan R(2), Hussain T(2), Ahmed N(2).

Author information:
(1)International Islamic University Islamabad, Islamabad, Pakistan. 
noor.rahman@iiu.edu.pk.
(2)International Islamic University Islamabad, Islamabad, Pakistan.

Retraction in
    Cell Tissue Bank. 2024 Jun;25(2):529. doi: 10.1007/s10561-023-10108-x.

Radiation sterilization is an effective method of bone sterilization prior to 
bone graft transplantation. Gamma irradiation affects the biological and 
mechanical properties of bone; depending on the dose of radiation. The effect of 
gamma irradiation on bone mechanical properties is an unwanted phenomenon. 
However the mechanism of the effect of irradiation on bone mechanical properties 
is not properly understood. In this research paper the mechanism of the effect 
of gamma irradiation on bovine bone is investigated using scanning electron 
microscopy, energy-dispersive X-rays spectroscopy and Fourier transform infrared 
spectroscopy techniques. Gamma irradiation affects the mineral and fiber 
composition of bovine bone. The mineral content of bone especially calcium, 
magnesium and phosphorus decrease with increasing dose of gamma radiation. At 
Nano-level gamma irradiation alter amide I, amide II and amide III collagen 
contents. High dose gamma irradiation induces collagen cross-linking reaction in 
bone and degrades bone properties.

DOI: 10.1007/s10561-020-09817-4
PMID: 32067198 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


796. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Am J Cancer Res. 2020 Jan 1;10(1):314-335. eCollection 2020.

Aberrant miR-1246 expression promotes radioresistance in non-small cell lung 
cancer: a potential prognostic biomarker and radiotherapy sensitization target.

Fan L(1)(2), Wang J(1), Cao Q(3), Ding X(1), Li B(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital and Institute, 
Shandong First Medical University and Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences Jinan 
250117, China.
(2)Cheeloo College of Medicine, Shandong University Jinan 250112, China.
(3)School of Computer Science and Engineering, Southeast University Nanjing 
211189, China.

Retraction in
    Am J Cancer Res. 2020 Aug 01;10(8):2689.

Radiosensitivity varies among patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). 
In this work, we aimed to investigate microRNAs associated with this 
heterogeneity among individuals. We selected miR-1246 from the microRNAs that 
were revealed by microarray experiments to be differentially expressed between 
radioresistant and parental cell lines. Both intracellular and extracellular 
miR-1246 was found to be upregulated after irradiation in a time-dependent 
pattern, resulting in increased radioresistance of NSCLC cells. We found that 
mTOR was a direct target gene of miR-1246, which mediated miR-1246-induced 
autophagy activation. Yin Yang-1 (YY1) was demonstrated to be a new 
transcription factor that regulates miR-1246 and CDR1as was found to be a 
circular RNA that sequesters miR-1246, which was confirmed in NSCLC cells and 
clinical samples. Finally, combining these data with the results from The Cancer 
Genome Atlas (TCGA), we verified that miR-1246 could be used as a biomarker to 
predict NSCLC patients' radiosensitivity and prognosis. Overall, our study fully 
investigated the effect of miR-1246 on radiosensitivity and comprehensively 
investigated the potential of miR-1246 as a prognostic biomarker and 
radiotherapy sensitization target.

AJCR Copyright © 2020.

PMCID: PMC7017745
PMID: 32064170

Conflict of interest statement: None.


797. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Rep. 2020 Feb 14;10(1):2687. doi: 10.1038/s41598-020-59468-4.

Inhibition of autophagic flux differently modulates cannabidiol-induced death in 
2D and 3D glioblastoma cell cultures.

Ivanov VN(1), Grabham PW(2), Wu CC(2), Hei TK(2).

Author information:
(1)Center for Radiological Research, Department of Radiation Oncology, Vagelos 
College of Physicians and Surgeons, Columbia University, New York, NY, 10032, 
USA. vni3@cumc.columbia.edu.
(2)Center for Radiological Research, Department of Radiation Oncology, Vagelos 
College of Physicians and Surgeons, Columbia University, New York, NY, 10032, 
USA.

Erratum in
    Sci Rep. 2021 Sep 14;11(1):18616. doi: 10.1038/s41598-021-98292-2.

Retraction in
    Sci Rep. 2024 Jan 16;14(1):1356. doi: 10.1038/s41598-024-51877-z.

Radiotherapy combined with chemotherapy is the major treatment modality for 
human glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). GBMs eventually relapse after treatment and 
the average survival of GBM patients is less than two years. There is some 
evidence that cannabidiol (CBD) can induce cell death and increases the 
radiosensitivity of GBM by enhancing apoptosis. Beside initiation of death, CBD 
has been demonstrated as an inducer of autophagy. In the present study, we 
address the question whether CBD simultaneously induces a protective effect in 
GBM by upregulating autophagy. Addition of chloroquine that suppressed 
autophagic flux to 2D GBM cultures increased CBD-induced cell death, presenting 
proof for the protective autophagy. Blockage of autophagy upregulated 
radiation-induced cytotoxicity but only modestly affected the levels of cell 
death in CBD- or CBD/γ-irradiated 3D GBM cultures. Furthermore, CBD enhanced the 
pro-apoptotic activities of JNK1/2 and MAPK p38 signaling cascades while 
partially downregulated the pro-survival PI3K-AKT cascade, thereby changing a 
balance between cell death and survival. Suppression of JNK activation partially 
reduced CBD-induced cell death in 3D GBM cultures. In contrast, co-treatment of 
CBD-targeted cells with inhibitors of PI3K-AKT-NF-κB, IKK-NF-κB or JAK2-STAT3 
pathways killed surviving GBM cells in both 2D and 3D cultures, potentially 
improving the therapeutic ratio of GBM.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-020-59468-4
PMCID: PMC7021896
PMID: 32060308 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest. 
Animals were not used in this research. Participation of human subjects did not 
occur in this study.


798. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oral Surg Oral Med Oral Pathol Oral Radiol. 2020 Mar;129(3):207-214. doi: 
10.1016/j.oooo.2019.08.005. Epub 2019 Aug 29.

RETRACTED: The effect of combined application of pentoxifylline and vitamin E 
for the treatment of osteoradionecrosis of the jaws: a meta-analysis.

Zhang Z(1), Xiao W(2), Jia J(2), Chen Y(2), Zong C(2), Zhao L(2), Tian L(2).

Author information:
(1)State Key Laboratory of Military Stomatology & National Clinical Research 
Center for Oral Diseases & Shaanxi Clinical Research Center for Oral Diseases, 
Department of Craniofacial Trauma and Orthognathic Surgery, School of 
Stomatology, FMMU, Xi'an, China. Electronic address: Zzrsdy@163.com.
(2)State Key Laboratory of Military Stomatology & National Clinical Research 
Center for Oral Diseases & Shaanxi Clinical Research Center for Oral Diseases, 
Department of Craniofacial Trauma and Orthognathic Surgery, School of 
Stomatology, FMMU, Xi'an, China.

Retraction in
    Oral Surg Oral Med Oral Pathol Oral Radiol. 2021 Dec;132(6):751. doi: 
10.1016/j.oooo.2021.10.015.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal 
(https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal). This 
article has been retracted at the request of the corresponding author and 
following a translated comparative examination of the two articles for 
similarity. It has been concluded that duplicate publication has occurred. The 
significantly duplicated article of the same title by same research team is: The 
effect of combined application of pentoxifylline and vitamin E for the treatment 
of osteoradionecrosis of the jaws: A meta-analysis Chin J Stomatol Res 
(Electronic Edition). August 2017, Vol.11, No.4. Both articles report on a 
meta-analysis study and focus on the treatment of osteoradionecrosis of the jaws 
by pentoxifylline combined with vitamin E, with search timeframe extending 2 
years later in the retracted article.

Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.oooo.2019.08.005
PMID: 32029419 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


799. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Int J Nanomedicine. 2020 Jan 15;15:253-262. doi: 10.2147/IJN.S231289. 
eCollection 2020.

Gallbladder Cancer Progression Is Reversed by Nanomaterial-Induced Photothermal 
Therapy in Combination with Chemotherapy and Autophagy Inhibition.

Cai Q(#)(1)(2), Wang X(#)(2), Wang S(1), Jin L(1), Ding J(3), Zhou D(1), Ma 
F(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of General Surgery, Xinhua Hospital, Shanghai JiaoTong University 
School of Medicine, Shanghai 200092, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of General Surgery, Shanghai Institute of Digestive Surgery, 
Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai JiaoTong University School of Medicine, Shanghai 
200025, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Biliary and Pancreatic Surgery, Shanghai Shuguang Hospital 
Affiliated with Shanghai University of T.C.M., Shanghai 201203, People's 
Republic of China.
(4)Department of Oncology, Xinhua Hospital, Shanghai JiaoTong University School 
of Medicine, Shanghai Institute for Pediatric Research, Shanghai 200092, 
People's Republic of China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Int J Nanomedicine. 2023 Mar 28;18:1597-1598. doi: 10.2147/IJN.S414030.

INTRODUCTION: Gallbladder cancer (GBC) is the most common malignancy in biliary 
tract with extremely poor prognosis. Photothermal therapy (PTT) shows great 
promises for tumor therapy, which causes tumor cell death via selectively 
directed heating released by nanoparticles under the near-infrared irradiation. 
Through degrading damaged organelles and misfolded proteins in autophagosomes, 
autophagy plays a vital role in maintaining the intracellular homeostasis. The 
present study attempted to combine chemotherapy and autophagy blocking with PTT.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: We purchased multi-walled carbon nanotubes from 
Nanostructured and Amorphous Materials and performed PTT using an 808-nm diode 
laser. The cytotoxic effects of PTT and chemotherapy in vitro were assessed by 
cell viability analysis. The effects of PTT and chemotherapy on autophagy in 
vitro were assessed by GFP-LC3 and Western blot. And these results were 
confirmed by in vivo experiment.
RESULTS: Both PTT and chemotherapy could trigger cytoprotective autophagy to 
tolerate the cellular stresses and prolong the survival of GBC cell; therefore, 
the blocking of autophagy could enhance the efficacy of PTT and chemotherapy in 
GBC treatment in vitro and in vivo.
CONCLUSION: Chemotherapeutic drug doxorubicin and autophagy inhibitor 
chloroquine could enhance the efficacy of nanoparticle-mediated hyperthermia in 
GBC.

© 2020 Cai et al.

DOI: 10.2147/IJN.S231289
PMCID: PMC6970248
PMID: 32021178 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


800. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2019 Nov 13;12:9585-9598. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S215674. 
eCollection 2019.

Coronin3 Promotes Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Migration And Invasion By Induction 
Of Epithelial-To-Mesenchymal Transition.

Fan L(#)(1)(2), Wei Y(#)(3)(4), Ding X(1), Li B(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital and Institute, 
Shandong First Medical University and Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences, 
Jinan, Shandong 250117, People's Republic of China.
(2)Cheeloo College of Medicine, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong 250112, 
People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Head and Neck Radiotherapy, Shandong Provincial ENT Hospital, 
Shandong Provincial ENT Hospital Affiliated to Shandong University, Jinan, 
Shandong 250022, People's Republic of China.
(4)Key Laboratory of Otorhinolaryngology, National Health Commission, Shandong 
University, Jinan, Shandong 250022, People's Republic of China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2020 Jul 28;13:7355. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S273162.

PURPOSE: Coronin3 is a cytoskeletal protein that has been implicated in 
metastasis in many cancer types. Here, we demonstrate its effect in 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) and propose a new probable mechanism of 
CORO1C-mediated cell migration and invasion by regulation of 
epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and CDH11.
PATIENTS AND METHODS: First, we measured the differential expression of CORO1C 
between NPC and non-NPC cells in both cell lines and clinical specimens, using 
public datasets. Then, we investigated its relationship with clinicopathological 
factors and its potential as a biomarker to predict the prognosis of NPC 
patients. We also explored its influence on the cell behaviors of migration and 
invasion by upregulating and downregulating the expression of CORO1C and 
attempted to determine the underlying mechanism.
RESULTS: The results verified our original hypothesis. CORO1C was overexpressed 
in both NPC cell lines and clinical specimens, in both public datasets and our 
own samples. NPC patients with lower CORO1C expression levels in primary cancer 
tissues had longer OS (hazard ratio [HR] 1.814, 95% CI 0.831-3.960, p=0.0341) 
and PFS (HR 1.798, 95% CI 0.907-3.564, p=0.0155), indicating that it could be 
used as a prognostic biomarker. It was also confirmed that CORO1C enhanced 
cells' migration and invasion abilities, by inducing morphological and marker 
changes typical of EMT. Finally, we found that expression was correlated with 
and regulated CDH11 expression in NPC cell lines.
CONCLUSION: Our study provided evidence for the contribution of CORO1C to NPC 
metastasis, and indicated that it could be used as a new therapeutic target and 
prognostic biomarker.

© 2019 Fan et al.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S215674
PMCID: PMC6859123
PMID: 32009795

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


801. Sci Transl Med. 2020 Jan 29;12(528):eaax8863. doi: 10.1126/scitranslmed.aax8863.

Mixed chimerism and acceptance of kidney transplants after immunosuppressive 
drug withdrawal.

Busque S(1), Scandling JD(2), Lowsky R(3), Shizuru J(3), Jensen K(4), Waters 
J(4), Wu HH(3)(4), Sheehan K(4), Shori A(1), Choi O(5), Pham T(1), Fernandez 
Vina MA(5), Hoppe R(6), Tamaresis J(7), Lavori P(7), Engleman EG(5), Meyer E(3), 
Strober S(8).

Author information:
(1)Division of Abdominal Transplantation, Department of Surgery, Stanford 
University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.
(2)Division of Nephrology, Department of Medicine, Stanford University School of 
Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.
(3)Division of Blood and Marrow Transplantation, Department of Medicine, 
Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.
(4)Division of Immunology and Rheumatology, Department of Medicine, Stanford 
University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.
(5)Department of Pathology, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 
94305, USA.
(6)Department of Radiation Oncology, Stanford University School of Medicine, 
Stanford, CA 94305, USA.
(7)Department of Biomedical Data Science, Stanford University School of 
Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA.
(8)Division of Immunology and Rheumatology, Department of Medicine, Stanford 
University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 94305, USA. sstrober@stanford.edu.

Preclinical studies have shown that persistent mixed chimerism is linked to 
acceptance of organ allografts without immunosuppressive (IS) drugs. Mixed 
chimerism refers to continued mixing of donor and recipient hematopoietic cells 
in recipient tissues after transplantation of donor cells. To determine whether 
persistent mixed chimerism and tolerance can be established in patients 
undergoing living donor kidney transplantation, we infused allograft recipients 
with donor T cells and hematopoietic progenitors after posttransplant lymphoid 
irradiation. In 24 of 29 fully human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-matched patients 
who had persistent mixed chimerism for at least 6 months, complete IS drug 
withdrawal was achieved without subsequent evidence of rejection for at least 2 
years. In 10 of 22 HLA haplotype-matched patients with persistent mixed 
chimerism for at least 12 months, reduction of IS drugs to tacrolimus 
monotherapy was achieved. Withdrawal of tacrolimus during the second year 
resulted in loss of detectable chimerism and subsequent rejection episodes, 
unless tacrolimus therapy was reinstituted. Posttransplant immune reconstitution 
of naïve B cells and B cell precursors was more rapid than the reconstitution of 
naïve T cells and thymic T cell precursors. Robust chimerism was observed only 
among naïve T and B cells but not among memory T cells. No evidence of rejection 
was observed in all surveillance graft biopsies obtained from mixed chimeric 
patients withdrawn from IS drugs, and none developed graft-versus-host disease. 
In conclusion, persistent mixed chimerism established in fully HLA- or 
haplotype-matched patients allowed for complete or partial IS drug withdrawal 
without rejection.

Copyright © 2020 The Authors, some rights reserved; exclusive licensee American 
Association for the Advancement of Science. No claim to original U.S. Government 
Works.

DOI: 10.1126/scitranslmed.aax8863
PMCID: PMC8051148
PMID: 31996467 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: S.S., R.L., and E.G.E. are 
cofounders of a cell therapy company with a focus on organ transplantation, 
which provided no funding for the study. A patent related to this work (Combined 
organ and hematopoietic cells for transplantation tolerance of grafts) has been 
registered under U.S. Patent no. US 9,561,253 B2.


802. PLoS One. 2020 Jan 29;15(1):e0228689. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0228689. 
eCollection 2020.

Retraction: MMP-2 siRNA Inhibits Radiation-Enhanced Invasiveness in Glioma 
Cells.

PLOS ONE Editors.

Retraction of
    PLoS One. 2011;6(6):e20614. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0020614.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0228689
PMCID: PMC6988979
PMID: 31995634


803. J Oral Implantol. 2020 Jan 27. doi: 10.1563/aaid-joi-D-19-00365.1. Online ahead 
of print.

WITHDRAWN: Synchrotron-based Radiography of Conical- vs. Butt-joint Implant 
Abutment Connections.

Angermair J(1), Wiest W(2), Rack A(3), Zabler S(2), Fretwurst T(4), Nelson K(4).

Author information:
(1)Universitatsklinikum Freiburg Department of Oral- and Craniomaxillofacial 
Surgery Universitatsklinikum Freiburg.
(2)Chair for X-Ray Microscopy, University of Würzburg, Josef-Martin Weg 63, 
97074 Würzburg, Germany.
(3)European Synchrotron Radiation Facility - Imaging Division, 71 Avenue des 
Martyrs, 38000 Grenoble, France.
(4)Department of Oral- and Craniomaxillofacial Surgery, Medical Center - 
University of Freiburg, Hugstetter Strasse 55, 79106 Freiburg, Germany.

Ahead of Print article withdrawn by publisher.

DOI: 10.1563/aaid-joi-D-19-00365.1
PMID: 31986107


804. Photobiomodul Photomed Laser Surg. 2020 Aug;38(8):472-476. doi: 
10.1089/photob.2019.4737. Epub 2020 Jan 27.

Real-Time Video Microscopy of In Vitro Demodex Death by Intense Pulsed Light.

Fishman HA(1), Periman LM(2), Shah AA(3).

Author information:
(1)FishmanVision, Palo Alto, California, USA.
(2)Oracle Eye Institute, Seattle, Washington, USA.
(3)Mobile Eyes, Newark, California, USA.

Objective: To directly observe the in vitro real-time effects of intense pulsed 
light (IPL) on a Demodex mite extracted from an eyelash of a patient with ocular 
rosacea. Background: Demodex is a risk factor in the pathogenesis of oculofacial 
rosacea, meibomian gland dysfunction (MGD), and dry eye disease (DED). Recent 
studies suggested IPL to control or eradicate Demodex organisms in the 
periocular area. Despite encouraging reports, the direct effect of IPL on 
Demodex is not well understood. Methods: An eyelash infested with Demodex was 
epilated from a 62-year-old female patient with oculofacial rosacea. Following 
isolation and adherence of a mite onto a microscope slide, real-time video 
microscopy was used to capture live images of the organism before, during, and 
after administration of IPL pulses. IPL pulses were delivered with the M22 IPL 
(Lumenis), with IPL settings used for treatment of DED due to MGD (the "Toyos 
protocol"). A noncontact digital laser infrared thermometer was used to measure 
the temperature of the slide. Results: Before the IPL pulses, legs of the 
Demodex mite spontaneously moved in a repetitive and semicircular motion. During 
administration of IPL, spontaneous movements of the legs continued. Immediately 
after administration of five IPL pulses, the temperature of the slide increased 
from room temperature to 49°C. Immediately afterward, the Demodex mite became 
completely immobilized. The legs appeared retracted, smoother, less corrugated, 
bulkier, and less well-defined. Movement of the Demodex mite was not observed at 
the hourly inspections for 5 h and after 24 h following the application of IPL 
pulses. Conclusions: Our video directly demonstrates the effect of IPL on a live 
Demodex mite extracted from a freshly epilated eyelash. The results suggest that 
IPL application with settings identical to those used for treatment of DED due 
to MGD causes a complete destruction of the organism.

DOI: 10.1089/photob.2019.4737
PMID: 31985328 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


805. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Technol Cancer Res Treat. 2020 Jan-Dec;19:1533033819892251. doi: 
10.1177/1533033819892251.

miR-331-3p Inhibits Proliferation and Promotes Apoptosis of Nasopharyngeal 
Carcinoma Cells by Targeting elf4B-PI3K-AKT Pathway.

Xuefang Z(1), Ruinian Z(2), Liji J(1), Chun Z(1), Qiaolan Z(3), Jun J(2), Yuming 
C(1), Junrong H(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Dongguan People' Hospital, Dongguan, China.
(2)Department of Medical Oncology, Dongguan People' Hospital, Dongguan, 
Guangdong, China.
(3)Department of Journal Center, Third Affiliated Hospital of SUN YAT-SEN 
University, Guangzhou, China.

Erratum in
    Technol Cancer Res Treat. 2020 Jan-Dec;19:1533033820963463. doi: 
10.1177/1533033820963463.

Retraction in
    Technol Cancer Res Treat. 2022 Jan-Dec;21:15330338221109185. doi: 
10.1177/15330338221109185.

BACKGROUND: The incidence of nasopharyngeal carcinoma is increasing gradually, 
but the pathogenesis is not completely clear. MicroRNA, a highly conserved 
endogenous noncoding small molecule RNA, plays an essential role in the 
regulation of gene expression and is a hotspot in cancer research worldwide.
OBJECTIVES: Although previous studies have confirmed that the abnormal 
expression of microRNAs is closely related to the progression of nasopharyngeal 
carcinoma, the role of miRNA-331-3p in nasopharyngeal carcinoma has not been 
studied. The purpose of this study was to explore the role and mechanism of 
miRNA-331-3p in the progression of nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Real-time quantitative reverse transcription polymerase 
chain reaction was performed to detect the expression of miRNA-331-3p in 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma clinical samples and cell lines (CNE-1 and 5-8F cells). 
After overexpression of miRNA-331-3p in CNE-1 cells, cell proliferation was 
measured by Cell Counting Kit-8 assay, cell invasion was detected by Transwell 
assay, and apoptosis was tested by flow cytometry. In addition, the 
dual-luciferase reporter assay was used to identify the target gene of 
miRNA-331-3p and Western blotting was performed to measure the relative protein 
expression.
RESULTS: The expression of miRNA-331-3p in nasopharyngeal carcinoma clinical 
samples and cells was decreased significantly. Overexpression of miRNA-331-3p 
markedly inhibited the proliferation and invasion of CNE-1 cells and promoted 
cell apoptosis. Moreover, overexpression of miRNA-331-3p reduced the expression 
of target gene elF4B, leading to inhibition of the phosphorylation of 
Phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K) and Serine/ threonine kinase (AKT).
CONCLUSION: miRNA-331-3p inhibited cell proliferation and induced cell apoptosis 
in nasopharyngeal carcinoma by targeting elF4B gene and then blocked the 
PI3K-AKT signaling pathway.
SIGNIFICANCE: The role of miRNA-331-3p in the development of NPC and its 
mechanism provide new ideas for the treatment of nasopharyngeal carcinoma.

DOI: 10.1177/1533033819892251
PMCID: PMC6985969
PMID: 31984860 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Conflicting Interests: The 
author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the 
research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.


806. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Ther Nucleic Acids. 2020 Mar 6;19:841-852. doi: 10.1016/j.omtn.2019.10.037. 
Epub 2019 Nov 13.

miR-135a Inhibits the Invasion and Migration of Esophageal Cancer Stem Cells 
through the Hedgehog Signaling Pathway by Targeting Smo.

Yang C(1), Zheng X(2), Ye K(2), Sun Y(2), Lu Y(2), Fan Q(3), Ge H(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, The Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengzhou 450008, P.R. China; Department of Oncology, The First 
Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University, Zhengzhou 450052, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, The Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengzhou 450008, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengzhou 450052, P.R. China. Electronic address: 
fanqingxia1018@yeah.net.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, The Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengzhou 450008, P.R. China. Electronic address: gehong666@126.com.

Retraction in
    Mol Ther Nucleic Acids. 2021 Nov 17;26:1198. doi: 
10.1016/j.omtn.2021.09.012.

Cancer stem cells (CSCs) have been reported to be involved in esophageal cancer 
(EC) development. Hence, we aim to explore whether microRNA-135a (miR-135a) 
affects EC and its associated mechanism. Cancerous and adjacent tissues from 138 
EC patients were collected. The dual-luciferase reporter gene assay and 
bioinformatics analysis were used to confirm the interaction between 
nucleotides. A series of mimics or inhibitors of miR-135a or small interfering 
RNA (siRNA) against Smo were introduced into EC cells. After that, the 
expression of miR-135a and Hedgehog (Hh) signaling pathway-related genes (Smo, 
Gli1, Shh, and Gli2) in tissues and cells was measured, accompanied by 
evaluation of cell viability, apoptosis, invasion, and migration. High 
expression of Smo, Gli1, Shh, and Gli2 and low expression of miR-135a were 
observed in EC. Smo was verified to be a target gene of miR-135a. In addition, 
overexpression of miR-135a or silencing of Smo decreased the expression of Gli1, 
Gli2, and Shh, thus inhibiting EC cell proliferation, migration, and invasion 
and promoting apoptosis. Silencing of miR-135a was observed to reverse the 
inhibitory role of miR-135a in EC. These results suggest that miR-135a inhibited 
the migration and invasion of EC cells through inhibition of the Smo/Hh axis.

Copyright © 2019 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.omtn.2019.10.037
PMCID: PMC6976902
PMID: 31981861


807. J Clin Med. 2020 Jan 18;9(1):266. doi: 10.3390/jcm9010266.

Exogenous Gonadotrophin Stimulation Induces Partial Maturation of Human Sertoli 
Cells in a Testicular Xenotransplantation Model for Fertility Preservation.

Hutka M(1), Smith LB(1)(2), Goossens E(3), Wallace WHB(4), Stukenborg JB(5), 
Mitchell RT(1)(6).

Author information:
(1)Medical Research Council (MRC) Centre for Reproductive Health, The University 
of Edinburgh, The Queen's Medical Research Institute, 47 Little France Crescent, 
Edinburgh EH16 4TJ, UK.
(2)School of Environmental and Life Sciences, University of Newcastle, 
Callaghan, NSW 2308, Australia.
(3)Biology of the Testis, Research Laboratory for Reproduction, Genetics and 
Regenerative Medicine, Vrije Universiteit Brussel (VUB), Laarbeeklaan 103, 1090 
Brussels, Belgium.
(4)Department of Oncology and Haematology, Royal Hospital for Sick Children, 9 
Sciennes Road, Edinburgh EH9 1LF, UK.
(5)NORDFERTIL Research Lab Stockholm, Childhood Cancer Research Unit, Department 
of Women's and Children's Health, Karolinska Institutet and Karolinska 
University Hospital, Solna SE-17164, Sweden.
(6)Department of Diabetes and Endocrinology, Royal Hospital for Sick Children, 9 
Sciennes Road, Edinburgh EH9 1LF, UK.

The future fertility of prepubertal boys with cancer may be irreversibly 
compromised by chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy. Successful spermatogenesis has 
not been achieved following the xenotransplantation of prepubertal human testis 
tissue, which is likely due to the failure of somatic cell maturation and 
function. We used a validated xenograft model to identify the factors required 
for Leydig and Sertoli cell development and function in immature human testis. 
Importantly, we compared the maturation status of Sertoli cells in xenografts 
with that of human testis tissues (n = 9, 1 year-adult). Human fetal testis (n = 
6; 14-21 gestational weeks) tissue, which models many aspects of prepubertal 
testicular development, was transplanted subcutaneously into castrated 
immunocompromised mice for ~12 months. The mice received exogenous human 
chorionic gonadotropin (hCG; 20IU, 3×/week). In xenografts exposed continuously 
to hCG, we demonstrate the maintenance of Leydig cell steroidogenesis, the 
acquisition of features of Sertoli cell maturation (androgen receptor, lumen 
development), and the formation of the blood-testis barrier (connexin 43), none 
of which were present prior to the transplantation or in xenografts in which hCG 
was withdrawn after 7 months. These studies provide evidence that hCG plays a 
role in Sertoli cell maturation, which is relevant for future investigations, 
helping them generate functional gametes from immature testis tissue for 
clinical application.

DOI: 10.3390/jcm9010266
PMCID: PMC7019512
PMID: 31963729

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


808. Sci Rep. 2020 Jan 20;10(1):633. doi: 10.1038/s41598-019-57315-9.

In vitro testing of a funnel-shaped tip catheter model to decrease clot 
migration during mechanical thrombectomy.

Tanyildizi Y(1), Payne E(2), Gerber T(3), Seidman L(3), Heimann A(4), Kempski 
O(4), Leithner D(5), Garcia-Bardon A(6), Kloeckner R(7), Hahn F(7), Keric N(8), 
Masomi-Bornwasser J(8), Brockmann MA(2), Kirschner S(2)(9).

Author information:
(1)University Medical Center Mainz, Department of Neuroradiology, 
Langenbeckstraße 1, 55131, Mainz, Germany. y.tanyildizi@gmx.net.
(2)University Medical Center Mainz, Department of Neuroradiology, 
Langenbeckstraße 1, 55131, Mainz, Germany.
(3)University Medical Center Mainz, Institute of Pathology, Langenbeckstraße 1, 
55131, Mainz, Germany.
(4)University Medical Center Mainz, Institute for Neurosurgical Pathophysiology, 
Langenbeckstraße 1, 55131, Mainz, Germany.
(5)University Hospital Frankfurt, Department of Diagnostic and Interventional 
Radiology, Theodor Stern-Kai 7, 60590, Frankfurt, Germany.
(6)University Medical Center Mainz, Department of Anesthesiology, 
Langenbeckstraße 1, 55131, Mainz, Germany.
(7)University Medical Center Mainz, Department of Diagnostic and Interventional 
Radiology, Langenbeckstraße 1, 55131, Mainz, Germany.
(8)University Medical Center Mainz, Institute for Neurosurgery, Langenbeckstraße 
1, 55131, Mainz, Germany.
(9)University of Heidelberg, Medical Faculty Mannheim, Department of Radiation 
Oncology, Theodor-Kutzer-Ufer 1-3, 68167, Mannheim, Germany.

One limitation of mechanical thrombectomy (MT) is clot migration during 
procedure. This might be caused by abruption of the trapped thrombus at the 
distal access catheter (DAC) tip during stent-retriever retraction due to the 
cylindrical shaped tip of the DAC. Aiming to solve this problem, this study 
evaluates the proof-of-concept of a new designed funnel-shaped tip, in an 
experimental in vitro setting. Two catheter models, one with a funnel-shaped tip 
and one with a cylindrical-shaped tip, were compared in an experimental setup. 
For MT a self-made vessel model and thrombi generated from pig's blood were 
used. MT was performed 20 times for each device using two different 
stent-retrievers, 10 times respectively. For the funnel-shaped model: for both 
stent-retrievers (Trevo XP ProVue 3/20 mm; Trevo XP ProVue 4/20 mm) MT was 
successful at first pass in 9/10 (90%), respectively. For the cylindrical-shaped 
model: MT was successful at first pass in 5/10 (50%) with the smaller 
stent-retriever and in 6/10 (60%) with the larger stent-retriever. The 
experiments show a better recanalization rate for funnel-shaped tips, than for 
cylindrical-shaped tips. These results are indicating a good feasibility for 
this new approach, thus the development of a prototype catheter seems 
reasonable.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-019-57315-9
PMCID: PMC6971034
PMID: 31959777 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


809. J Interv Med. 2020 Jan 21;3(1):41-44. doi: 10.1016/j.jimed.2020.01.006. 
eCollection 2020 Feb.

Application of ultrasound-guided balloon occlusion in cesarean section in 130 
cases of sinister placenta previa.

Chen K(1), Zhang G(1), Li F(1), Liu J(1), Xie K(1), Zhu E(1), Li W(1), Zhang 
M(1), Gen C(1), Wang A(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Intervention, No.1 People's Hospital of Qujing City, Yunnan 
Province, Qujing, 655000, China.

Erratum in
    J Interv Med. 2021 Feb 11;4(1):54-55. doi: 10.1016/j.jimed.2021.01.002.

OBJECTIVE: To investigate the clinical utility of ultrasound-guided balloon 
occlusion in cesarean section in patients with sinister placenta previa.
METHODS: The Interventional and Ultrasound Departments of the authors' center 
assisted obstetrics to complete cesarean section in cases of sinister placenta 
previa. A total of 130 patients with implanted sinister placenta previa were 
diagnosed using obstetrical ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). 
Before cesarean section, the balloon was positioned in the bilateral radial or 
abdominal aorta. Immediately after delivery of the fetus, the balloon was 
temporarily filled to transiently seal the target vessel. According to the 
obstetrician's assessment of hemostasis, the balloon was withdrawn at the 
appropriate time. Among the 130 patients, there was one case of abdominal aortic 
occlusion, with 129 cases blocked by the bilateral common iliac artery.
RESULTS: All 130 cases were successfully blocked, with an average blocking time 
of <15 ​min, while intraoperative blood loss was 800-1500 ​ml.
CONCLUSION: Ultrasound-guided balloon blocking treatment before cesarean section 
can mitigate the dangers of placenta previa and significantly reduce blood loss 
with no exposure to X-ray radiation. Thus, the technique merits serious 
consideration.

© 2020 Shanghai Journal of Interventional Medicine Press. Production and hosting 
by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of KeAi.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jimed.2020.01.006
PMCID: PMC8562179
PMID: 34805905

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no financial or personal 
relationships with individuals or organizations that could have inappropriately 
influenced the work. There is no professional or other personal interest of any 
nature or type in any product, service and/or company that could be construed as 
influencing the position presented in, or review of, the manuscript.


810. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Ther Nucleic Acids. 2020 Mar 6;19:668-682. doi: 10.1016/j.omtn.2019.11.030. 
Epub 2019 Dec 6.

Silencing lncRNAs PVT1 Upregulates miR-145 and Confers Inhibitory Effects on 
Viability, Invasion, and Migration in EC.

Shen SN(1), Li K(2), Liu Y(2), Yang CL(3), He CY(4), Wang HR(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Henan Cancer Hospital, Zhengzhou 450008, Henan Province, P.R. China. 
Electronic address: shen_sining@126.com.
(2)Department of Oncology, Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Zhengzhou University, 
Henan Cancer Hospital, Zhengzhou 450008, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Henan Cancer Hospital, Zhengzhou 450008, P.R. China. Electronic 
address: yangchl2@163.com.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Henan Cancer Hospital, Zhengzhou 450008, P.R. China.
(5)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Henan Cancer Hospital, Zhengzhou 450008, Henan Province, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Mol Ther Nucleic Acids. 2021 Nov 17;26:1200. doi: 
10.1016/j.omtn.2021.11.002.

Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) plasmacytoma variant translocation 1 (PVT1) is 
correlated to various malignant tumors. Consequently, we explored effects of 
lncRNA PVT1 on esophageal carcinoma (EC) targeting microRNA-145 (miR-145). EC 
tissues, adjacent normal tissues, and EC-related cell lines were collected and 
cultured. Expression of lncRNA PVT1, miR-145, fascin-1 (FSCN1), and related 
genes with intervening expression of PVT1 and miR-145 was determined. 
Bioinformatic website, dual-luciferase reporter assay, and RNA 
immunoprecipitation (RIP) were carried to verify target relationship among 
lncRNA PVT1, FSCN1, and miR-145. Scratch test, Transwell assay, 
3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay, and 
flow cytometry were performed for detection of migration, invasion, viability, 
and apoptosis of transfected cells, respectively. Finally, tumor formation in 
nude mice was measured. After database analysis, lncRNA PVT1, miR-145, and FSCN1 
were selected for study. lncRNA PVT1 and FSCN1 can bind to miR-145. After 
overexpressing miR-145 or inhibiting lncRNA PVT1, EC cell viability, migration, 
and invasion were inhibited, while volume and weight of tumor formation in nude 
mice decreased. Expression of lncRNA PVT1, FSCN1, Bcl-2, CD147, VEGFR2, and MTA1 
decreased and expression of miR-145 and Bax increased. Silencing lncRNA PVT1 can 
upregulate miR-145, which is a tumor suppressor in EC via knockdown of FSCN1. 
Thus, we might provide a potential theoretical basis for EC treatment.

Copyright © 2019. Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.omtn.2019.11.030
PMCID: PMC6965729
PMID: 31951853


811. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Anticancer Drugs. 2020 Apr;31(4):411-422. doi: 10.1097/CAD.0000000000000893.

MicroRNA-301b and its target gene synaptosome-associated protein 91 as important 
modulators in esophageal cancer: functional experiments.

Pan F(1), Chen M(2), Song XY(2), Yang JD(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Jining No. 1 People's Hospital, Jining.
(2)Department of Internal Medicine, Yantai Yuhuangding Hospital of Laishan 
Branch, Yantai.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy CT, Affiliated Hospital of Jining Medical 
University, Jining, Shandong, People's Republic of China.

Retraction in
    Anticancer Drugs. 2022 Apr 1;33(4):414. doi: 10.1097/CAD.0000000000001300.

The aim of this study was to probe the influence of microRNA-301b (miR-301b) in 
esophageal cancer pathogenesis. Based on the data acquired from The Cancer 
Genome Atlas database, we found that miR-301b was highly expressed in esophageal 
cancer tissues and high expression of miR-301b was related to worse prognosis in 
patients with esophageal cancer. Quantitative real-time PCR revealed that the 
expression of miR-301b was higher in all examined esophageal cancer cell lines 
(ECA109, KY-SE150, TE-1, and NEC) than that in a human esophageal epithelial 
cell line (HEEC). Upregulation/downregulation of miR-301b facilitated/suppressed 
the growth, migration, and invasion of ECA109/KY-SE150 cells. 
Synaptosome-associated protein 91 (SNAP91) was proved to be one of the target 
genes of miR-301b and was negatively modulated by miR-301b. Besides, SNAP91 was 
lowly expressed in human esophageal cancer tissues and cell lines. Meanwhile, 
low expression of SNAP91 was concerned with poor prognosis in patients with 
esophageal cancer. Furthermore, we discovered that overexpression/depletion of 
SNAP91 suppressed/facilitated the proliferation of KY-SE150/ECA109 cells. 
MiR-301b and SNAP91 had little impact on HEEC cell proliferation and this degree 
of influence was negligible compared with their impacts on esophageal cancer 
cell proliferation. By rescue assay, we showed that overexpression of SNAP91 
restrained the growth, migration, and invasion of ECA109 cells with 
overexpressed miR-301b while knockdown of SNAP91 showed the contrary effects on 
KY-SE150 cells with downregulated miR-301b. These consequences indicated that 
miR-301b played an important effect on esophageal cancer cells through 
regulating SNAP91, insinuating that miR-301b/SNAP91 might be novel potential 
targets for esophageal cancer therapy and prognosis.

DOI: 10.1097/CAD.0000000000000893
PMID: 31929350 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


812. RETRACTED ARTICLE

RSC Adv. 2020 Jan 9;10(3):1711-1723. doi: 10.1039/c9ra08525d. eCollection 2020 
Jan 7.

Retracted Article: Circular RNA PTK2 modifies the progression and 
radiosensitivity in gastric cancer via miR-369-3p/ZEB1 axis.

Liu Y(1), Yao K(2), Zhang K(1), Wang J(1), Dai Q(3), Wang R(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Emergency, Gansu Provincial Hospital 730000 Lanzhou Gansu 
China.
(2)Department of Nuclear Medicine, Gansu Provincial Hospital 204 Donggangxi 
Road, Chengguan District 730000 Lanzhou Gansu China aekbyz@163.com 
+86-0931-8100120.
(3)Department of Respiratory, Gansu Provincial Hospital 730000 Lanzhou Gansu 
China.
(4)Department of Radiotherapy, Gansu Provincial Hospital 730000 Lanzhou Gansu 
China.

Retraction in
    RSC Adv. 2021 Feb 1;11(10):5643. doi: 10.1039/d1ra90040d.

Gastric cancer (GC) is one of the common cancers worldwide. Emerging findings 
imply that aberrant expression of circular RNA_0003221 (circPTK2) is involved in 
GC. Nevertheless, the function of circPTK2 in GC needs more explanation. 
Profiles of circPTK2, microRNA (miR)-369-3p, and zinc finger E-box binding 
homeobox 1 (ZEB1) were determined by quantitative real-time polymerase chain 
reaction assay. 3-(4,5-Dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide, 
flow cytometry, and transwell assays were employed to estimate cell 
proliferation, apoptosis, and mobility in GC cells, respectively. Meanwhile, 
levels of ZEB1 and other indicated proteins were tested using western blot. 
Survival fraction was assessed utilizing clonogenic assay. Additionally, the 
role of circPTK2 in tumorigenesis was investigated via a xenograft tumor model. 
Dual-luciferase reporter, RNA immunoprecipitation, and RNA pull-down assays were 
conducted to confirm the interrelation between miR-369-3p and circPTK2 or ZEB1. 
Levels of circPTK2 and ZEB1 were markedly augmented, but miR-369-3p was 
downregulated in GC tissues and cells. CircPTK2 depletion restrained cell 
growth, metastasis, and epithelial-mesenchymal transition, and promoted 
radiosensitivity in GC cells. And circPTK2 depletion reduced tumor growth and 
metastasis in vivo. Moreover, the effect of circPTK2 silencing on cellular 
phenotypes and radiosensitivity was regained by miR-369-3p inhibitor. 
Furthermore, upregulation of ZEB1 could overturn miR-369-3p mimic-induced effect 
on cell metastasis and radiosensitivity of GC cells. Mechanically, circPTK2 was 
a sponge of miR-369-3p to separate ZEB1. CircPTK2/miR-369-3p/ZEB1 axis modulated 
cell behaviors and radiosensitivity in GC; thus circPTK2 might serve as a 
promising target for GC therapy.

This journal is © The Royal Society of Chemistry.

DOI: 10.1039/c9ra08525d
PMCID: PMC9048038
PMID: 35494710

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no financial 
conflicts of interest.


813. RETRACTED ARTICLE

RSC Adv. 2020 Jan 8;10(3):1498-1506. doi: 10.1039/c9ra08693e. eCollection 2020 
Jan 7.

Retracted Article: LncRNA SNHG5 regulates the cell viability and apoptosis of 
glioma cells by the miR-1297/KPNA2 axis.

Li X(1), Liu Q(1), Wang K(1), Luo W(1), Liang T(2), Yuan S(1), Zhen Y(1), Yan 
D(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University No. 1, Longhu Middle Ring Road, Jinshui District Zhengzhou City 
450000 Henan Province China mrdmyan@163.com +86-371-66278032.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University Zhengzhou Henan China.

Retraction in
    RSC Adv. 2021 Feb 3;11(11):6239. doi: 10.1039/d1ra90059e.

Long non-coding RNA small nucleolar RNA host gene 5 (lncRNA SNHG5) has been 
reported to participate in the occurrence and development of glioma. However, 
the function and underlying molecular mechanisms of SNHG5 in glioma remain 
largely unknown. The expressions of SNHG5, microRNA-1297 (miR-1297) and 
karyopherin subunit alpha 2 (KPNA2) in glioma tissues and cells were evaluated 
by quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) or 
western blot. 3-(4,5-Dimethyl-2-thiazolyl)-2,5-diphenyl-2-H-tetrazolium bromide 
(MTT) assay and flow cytometry were used to detect cell viability and apoptosis, 
respectively. Western blot was also performed to detect the expressions of 
autophagy-associated proteins. The relationship among lncRNA SNHG5, miR-1297 and 
KPNA2 was verified by luciferase reporter assay and RNA immunoprecipitation 
(RIP) assay. SNHG5 and KPNA2 were over expressed, and the level of miR-1297 was 
down-regulated in glioma tissues and cell lines. Knockdown of SHNG5 promoted 
apoptosis, while suppressing cell viability and autophagy of A172 and LN340 
cells. Meanwhile, SHNG5 harbored the binding sites with miR-1297, and a negative 
correlation between the expression of SNHG5 and miR-1297 in glioma tissues was 
also observed. Interestingly, silencing of miR-1297 undermined the SHNG5 
depletion-mediated effect on cell viability, apoptosis, and autophagy. KPNA2 was 
a direct target of miR-1297, and negatively regulated by miR-1297. More 
importantly, gain of KPNA2 mitigated the effect of SHNG5l knockdown on glioma 
cells. Silencing of SNHG5 had an implication in inhibiting apoptosis and 
stimulating cell viability and autophagy by the miR-1297/KPNA2 axis in glioma.

This journal is © The Royal Society of Chemistry.

DOI: 10.1039/c9ra08693e
PMCID: PMC9048252
PMID: 35494689

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no financial 
conflicts of interest.


814. Thyroid. 2020 May;30(5):732-738. doi: 10.1089/thy.2019.0476. Epub 2020 Feb 11.

Lenvatinib for Radioactive Iodine-Refractory Differentiated Thyroid Carcinoma 
and Candidate Biomarkers Associated with Survival: A Multicenter Study in Korea.

Song E(1), Kim M(2), Kim EY(3), Kim BH(2), Shin DY(4), Kang HC(5), Ahn BC(6), 
Kim WB(1), Shong YK(1), Jeon MJ(1), Lim DJ(7).

Author information:
(1)Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Department of Internal Medicine, 
Asan Medical Center, University of Ulsan College of Medicine, Seoul, Republic of 
Korea.
(2)Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Department of Internal Medicine, 
Biomedical Research Institute, Pusan National University Hospital, Busan, 
Republic of Korea.
(3)Department of Endocrinology, Dongnam Institute of Radiological and Medical 
Sciences Cancer Center, Busan, Republic of Korea.
(4)Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Department of Internal Medicine, 
Severance Hospital, Yonsei University College of Medicine, Seoul, Republic of 
Korea.
(5)Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Department of Internal Medicine, 
Chonnam National University Hwasun Hospital, Chonnam, Republic of Korea.
(6)Department of Nuclear Medicine, Kyungpook National University Hospital, 
Daegu, Republic of Korea.
(7)Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism, Department of Internal Medicine, 
Seoul St. Mary's Hospital, College of Medicine, The Catholic University of 
Korea, Seoul, Republic of Korea.

Background: Lenvatinib, an oral multikinase inhibitor, is the latest addition to 
the treatment options for radioactive iodine (RAI)-refractory progressive 
differentiated thyroid carcinoma (DTC). This study investigated the efficacy of 
lenvatinib in real-world practice and prognostic biomarkers of survival. 
Methods: This multicenter study included 43 patients receiving lenvatinib as 
first-line or second-line treatment after sorafenib for RAI-refractory DTC. 
Progression-free survival (PFS) was evaluated according to various clinical 
factors including thyroglobulin doubling time (TgDT), tumor volume DT (TVDT), 
and tumor growth slope (TGS; slope of tumor change rate). Results: Patients were 
treated with lenvatinib for a median of 14 months; 32 were previously treated 
with sorafenib. The median follow-up from lenvatinib initiation to the last 
censoring or death was 16 months. The median starting dose of 20 mg was reduced 
to a median sustainable dose of 10 mg in accordance with patient adverse events 
(AEs). The median PFS was 21.8 months; the median overall survival was not 
reached. The disease control rate was 97.7%, with the first objective response 
at 3.8 months. PFS was not significantly associated with previous sorafenib 
treatment, metastatic sites, or sustainable dose. TGS measured before (TGSpre, 
p = 0.003) and after (TGSpost, p = 0.036) the initiation of lenvatinib was 
associated with PFS. The sum of the largest diameters of target lesions 
(p = 0.043) and TgDT (p = 0.024) were associated with PFS, but TVDT calculated 
before (TVDTpre, p = 0.923) or after (TVDTpost, p = 0.966) lenvatinib treatment 
did not impact PFS. Lenvatinib was withdrawn in 24 patients (55.8%): in 6 
patients because of treatment-induced AEs and in 18 patients because of disease 
progression or poor performance status. AEs of any grade were reported in all 
patients, and grade 3-4 AEs in 23.2% of the patients. The most frequent AE was 
fatigue or asthenia. Conclusions: Our results indicate that reduced doses of 
lenvatinib triggered by emergent AEs did not abrogate its apparent efficacy in 
patients with RAI-refractory DTCs. Rather, the sustained use of reduced doses of 
lenvatinib with a low rate of severe AEs may have contributed to the favorable 
outcomes. TgDT and TGS can assist in predicting the outcomes in these patients.

DOI: 10.1089/thy.2019.0476
PMID: 31910091 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


815. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Chemother Pharmacol. 2020 Feb;85(2):413-423. doi: 
10.1007/s00280-019-04024-9. Epub 2020 Jan 6.

MicroRNA-30c-regulated HDAC9 mediates chemoresistance of breast cancer.

Liang Z(1)(2), Feng A(3), Shim H(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Emory University, Atlanta, GA, 30322, USA. 
zliang@emory.edu.
(2)Winship Cancer Institute, Emory University, Atlanta, GA, 30322, USA. 
zliang@emory.edu.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Emory University, Atlanta, GA, 30322, USA.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Emory University, Atlanta, GA, 30322, USA. 
hshim@emory.edu.
(5)Winship Cancer Institute, Emory University, Atlanta, GA, 30322, USA. 
hshim@emory.edu.

Retraction in
    Cancer Chemother Pharmacol. 2022 Jun;89(6):843. doi: 
10.1007/s00280-022-04409-3.

PURPOSE: Although histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors have been shown to 
effectively induce the inhibition of proliferation and migration in breast 
cancer, the mechanism of HDAC9's contribution to chemoresistance remains poorly 
understood. The aim of this study was to investigate the role of 
miR-30c-regulated HDAC9 in chemoresistance of breast cancer and to determine the 
potential of selective inhibition of HDAC9 in sensitizing resistant breast 
cancer cells to chemotherapy.
METHODS: Expression levels of HDAC9 and miR-30c were measured in breast cancer 
cells and tissues using quantitative PCR analysis. The effect of selective 
inhibition of HDAC9 on sensitizing MDR cells to chemotherapy was assessed. 
MiR-30c/HDAC9 pathways' potential to mediate chemoresistance was analyzed.
RESULTS: Our studies show that HDAC9 was significantly up-regulated in 
chemoresistant breast cancer cell lines compared to a chemosensitive cell line 
and was inversely correlated with the levels of miR-30c. MiR-30c mimics and 
HDAC9 inhibitors reversed the chemoresistance of multidrug-resistant breast 
cancer cells.
CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that the mechanism of chemoresistance 
reversal with selective HDAC inhibition was partially realized by regulating 
miR-30c via directly targeting HDAC9. Our findings suggest that the 
miR-30c/HDAC9 signaling axis could be a novel and potential therapeutic target 
in chemoresistant breast cancer.

DOI: 10.1007/s00280-019-04024-9
PMID: 31907648 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


816. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Oleo Sci. 2020;69(1):55-63. doi: 10.5650/jos.ess19221.

A New Zn(II)-containing Coordination Polymer for Photocatalytic Degradation of 
Organic Dyes and Treatment Activity on Atherosclerosis via Reducing the Vcam-1 
Expression.

Hao Y(1), Yu HZ(1), Yuan HT(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cardiology, Shandong Provincial Hospital Affiliated to Shandong 
University.

Retraction in
    J Oleo Sci. 2020;69(1):e1. doi: 10.5650/jos.ess19221e.

By employment of a rigid tripodal nitrogen-containing heterotopic ligand 
tris(1-imidazolyl) benzene (Htib), a new fluorescent Zn(II)-containing 
coordination polymer {[Zn(tib)2](NO3)2(H2O)3}n (1) with a rare two-fold 
interpenetrating (3,6)-connected pyr network topology has been successfully 
prepared under the solvothermal reaction conditions. Under the condition of 
visible light irradiation, rhodamine B (RhB) and methylene blue (MB) could be 
degraded with good performance. In the biological function study, the 
cytotoxicity of the synthetic was evaluated with CCK-8 detection kit on human 
umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC). The inhibitory effect of compound on 
vcam-1 expression in the vascular endothelial cells was evaluated by RT-PCR. The 
effect of the complex on the inflammatory response in the vascular endothelial 
cells was determined via ELISA test of IL-1β and TNF-α. The results of pose 
scoring software as well as molecular docking was conducted to explore the 
interaction between compounds and VCAM, which might provide latent regulatory 
mechanisms along with binding sites for compounds.

DOI: 10.5650/jos.ess19221
PMID: 31902895 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


817. RETRACTED ARTICLE

RSC Adv. 2020 Jan 6;10(2):1132-1141. doi: 10.1039/c9ra04962b. eCollection 2020 
Jan 2.

Retracted Article: Down-regulation of the radiation-induced pEGFR(Thr654) 
mediated activation of DNA-PK by Cetuximab in cervical cancer cells.

Qi Y(1), Lang J(1), Zhu X(1), Huang J(1), Li L(1), Yi G(1).

Author information:
(1)Sichuan Cancer Hospital & Institute, Sichuan Cancer Center, School of 
Medicine, University of Electronic Science and Technology of China Chengdu 
610041 China jinyilang12@sina.com zhang538419yang734@163.com +86-028-85420243.

Retraction in
    RSC Adv. 2021 Jan 26;11(9):5021. doi: 10.1039/d1ra90037d.

The phosphorylation of EGFRThr654 is required for nuclear EGFR importing, and 
our previous study has shown that pEGFRThr654 is an independent prognostic 
factor for the low survival rate of patients with cervical squamous carcinoma. 
Now, we aim to examine the role of pEGFRThr654 in the activation of DNA-PK and 
radio resistance. Either CaSki or HeLa cells were exposed to a dose of 4 Gy with 
a 6 MV X-ray in the presence or absence of Cetuximab or Gefitinib, then EGFR, 
pEGFRThr654, DNA-PKcs and pDNA-PKThr2609 levels were determined using a western 
blot. DNA damage was quantified with γH2AX foci analysis and the response of 
CaSki and HeLa cells to irradiation was determined using a colony formation 
assay. In CaSki and HeLa cells, irradiation induced nuclear EGFR accumulation, 
and pEGFRThr654 and pDNA-PKThr2609 levels were both significantly increased. 
Cetuximab pre-treatment significantly reduced the expression of pEGFRThr654 and 
pDNA-PKThr2609 and enhanced the γH2AX foci per cell and sensitivity enhancement 
ratio in CaSki cells. Gefitinib pre-treatment had a similar but weaker effect. 
In HeLa cells, similar effects of Cetuximab and Gefitinib on pEGFRThr654 and 
pDNA-PKThr2609 were observed, and no significant difference was found. We found 
that Cetuximab had a better effect than Gefitinib on attenuating the radio 
resistance in cervical squamous carcinoma cells via inhibiting 
pEGFRThr654-mediated nuclear EGFR transport and related DNA-PKT2609-mediated DNA 
repair. However, in adenocarcinoma cells, both EGFR-targeted drugs had no 
remarkable effects on the radio sensitivity. Taken together, radiotherapy 
combined with Cetuximab may be a promising strategy to improve the therapeutic 
gain for cervical squamous carcinoma patients.

This journal is © The Royal Society of Chemistry.

DOI: 10.1039/c9ra04962b
PMCID: PMC9047960
PMID: 35494466

Conflict of interest statement: There are no conflicts to declare.


818. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Med. 2020 Feb;9(4):1515-1528. doi: 10.1002/cam4.2815. Epub 2020 Jan 2.

LINC00311 promotes cancer stem-like properties by targeting miR-330-5p/TLR4 
pathway in human papillary thyroid cancer.

Gao Y(1), Wang F(1), Zhang L(1), Kang M(1), Zhu L(1), Xu L(1), Liang W(1), Zhang 
W(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, The First Affiliated Hospital of Anhui Medical 
University, Hefei, Anhui, China.
(2)Department of Endocrinology, Shengjing Hospital of China Medical University, 
Shenyang, Liaoning, China.

Retraction in
    Cancer Med. 2023 May;12(9):11041. doi: 10.1002/cam4.5823.

Growing evidence has suggested that long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) play an 
essential role in the progression of papillary thyroid cancer (PTC). LncRNA 
LINC00311 was found to be able to regulate many cellular process in several 
diseases. However, the function and regulatory mechanism of LINC00311 remains 
unclear in PTC. In the present study, the results showed that the expression of 
LINC00311 was upregulated in PTC tissues and cells. Furthermore, knockdown of 
LINC00311 dramatically suppressed spheroid formation, proliferation, migration, 
and invasion in PTC cells in vitro. Mechanistic investigations revealed that 
LINC00311 was negatively correlated with the expression of miR-330-5p, 
meanwhile, TLR4 was a direct target of miR-330-5p. In addition, rescue assays 
further determined that LINC00311 contributed to the progression of PTC through 
regulating TLR4 expression. Taken together, these findings indicated that 
LINC00311 could promote cancer stem-like properties by targeting miR-330-5p/TLR4 
pathway in PTC.

© 2020 The Authors. Cancer Medicine published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.

DOI: 10.1002/cam4.2815
PMCID: PMC7013059
PMID: 31894666 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests, and all authors should confirm its accuracy.


819. Nat Rev Endocrinol. 2020 Feb;16(2):104-116. doi: 10.1038/s41574-019-0305-4. Epub 
2019 Dec 30.

New insights into the pathogenesis and nonsurgical management of Graves 
orbitopathy.

Taylor PN(#)(1), Zhang L(#)(2), Lee RWJ(3)(4), Muller I(2)(5), Ezra DG(3), Dayan 
CM(2), Kahaly GJ(#)(6), Ludgate M(#)(2).

Author information:
(1)Thyroid Research Group, Systems Immunity Research Institute, Cardiff 
University School of Medicine, Cardiff, UK. taylorpn@cardiff.ac.uk.
(2)Thyroid Research Group, Systems Immunity Research Institute, Cardiff 
University School of Medicine, Cardiff, UK.
(3)Moorfields Eye Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, London, UK.
(4)University of Bristol, Bristol, UK.
(5)Fondazione IRRCS Ca' Granda Ospedale Maggiore Policinico, Department of 
Endocrinology, Milan, Italy.
(6)Department of Medicine I, Johannes Gutenberg University Medical Center, 
Mainz, Germany.
(#)Contributed equally

Graves orbitopathy, also known as thyroid eye disease or thyroid-associated 
orbitopathy, is visually disabling, cosmetically disfiguring and has a 
substantial negative impact on a patient's quality of life. There is increasing 
awareness of the need for early diagnosis and rapid specialist input from 
endocrinologists and ophthalmologists. Glucocorticoids are the mainstay of 
treatment; however, recurrence occurs frequently once these are withdrawn. 
Furthermore, in >60% of cases, normal orbital anatomy is not restored, and 
skilled rehabilitative surgery is required. Clinical trials have shown that 
considerable benefit can be derived from the addition of antiproliferative 
agents (such as mycophenolate or azathioprine) in preventing deterioration after 
steroid cessation. In addition, targeted biologic therapies have shown promise, 
including teprotumumab, which reduces proptosis, rituximab (anti-CD20), which 
reduces inflammation, and tocilizumab, which potentially benefits both of these 
parameters. Other strategies such as orbital radiotherapy have had their 
widespread role in combination therapy called into question. The pathophysiology 
of Graves orbitopathy has also been revised with identification of new potential 
therapeutic targets. In this Review we provide an up-to-date overview of the 
field, outline the optimal management of Graves orbitopathy and summarize the 
research developments in this area to highlight future research questions and 
direct future clinical trials.

DOI: 10.1038/s41574-019-0305-4
PMID: 31889140 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


820. Sci Rep. 2019 Dec 30;9(1):20318. doi: 10.1038/s41598-019-56272-7.

Development of an autonomous solvent extraction system to isolate astatine-211 
from dissolved cyclotron bombarded bismuth targets.

O'Hara MJ(1), Krzysko AJ(2), Hamlin DK(3), Li Y(3), Dorman EF(3), Wilbur DS(3).

Author information:
(1)Nuclear Sciences Division, Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, 902 
Battelle Blvd., PO Box 999, Richland, WA, 99352, USA. matthew.ohara@pnnl.gov.
(2)Nuclear Sciences Division, Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, 902 
Battelle Blvd., PO Box 999, Richland, WA, 99352, USA.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Washington, 616 N.E. 
Northlake Place, PO Box 355016, Seattle, WA, 98105, USA.

Cyclotron-produced astatine-211 (211At) shows tremendous promise in targeted 
alpha therapy (TAT) applications due to its attractive half-life and its 100% 
α-emission from nearly simultaneous branched alpha decay. Astatine-211 is 
produced by alpha beam bombardment of naturally monoisotopic bismuth metal 
(209Bi) via the (α, 2n) reaction. In order to isolate the small mass of 211At 
(specific activity = 76 GBq·µg-1) from several grams of acid-dissolved Bi metal, 
a manual milliliter-scale solvent extraction process using diisopropyl ether 
(DIPE) is routinely performed at the University of Washington. As this process 
is complex and time consuming, we have developed a fluidic workstation that can 
perform the method autonomously. The workstation employs two pumps to 
concurrently deliver the aqueous and organic phases to a mixing tee and in-line 
phase mixer. The mixed phases are routed to a phase settling reservoir, where 
they gravity settle. Finally, each respective phase is withdrawn into its 
respective pump. However, development of a phase boundary sensor, placed in 
tandem with the phase settling reservoir, was necessary to communicate to the 
system when withdrawal of the denser aqueous phase was complete (i.e., the 
intersection of the two phases was located). The development and optimization of 
the autonomous solvent extraction system is described, and the 211At yields from 
several ~1.1 GBq-level 211At processing runs are reported.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-019-56272-7
PMCID: PMC6937302
PMID: 31889075

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


821. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2019 Dec;23(24):10867-10873. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_201912_19790.

Knockdown of long noncoding RNA DLX6-AS1 inhibits migration and invasion of 
thyroid cancer cells by upregulating UPF1.

Zhong ZB(1), Wu YJ, Luo JN, Hu XN, Yuan ZN, Li G, Wang YW, Yao GD, Ge XF.

Author information:
(1)Department of Head and Neck Cancer Radiation Therapy, Harbin Medical 
University Cancer Hospital, Harbin, China. gexiaofeng121@163.com.

Retraction in
    Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2020 Aug;24(16):8246. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202008_22587.

OBJECTIVE: Recently, long non- coding RNAs (lncRNAs) have attracted much 
attention for their roles in tumor progression. The aim of this study was to 
investigate the exact role of lncRNA DLX6 antisense RNA 1 (DLX6-AS1) in the 
development of thyroid cancer (TC), and to explore the underlying mechanism.
PATIENTS AND METHODS: DLX6-AS1 expression in both TC cells and tissue samples 
was detected by quantitative Real Time-Polymerase Chain Reaction (qRT-PCR). 
Moreover, transwell assay and wound healing assay were conducted. QRT-PCR and 
Western blot assay were used to explore the underlying mechanism. Furthermore, 
the function of DLX6-AS1 was identified in vivo.
RESULTS: DLX6-AS1 expression level in TC tissues was significantly higher than 
that of the corresponding normal tissues. Moreover, TC cell migration and 
invasion were markedly inhibited after DLX6-AS1 was knocked down in vitro. The 
mRNA and protein expressions of UPF1 were both remarkably up-regulated after 
knockdown of DLX6-AS1. Meanwhile, the expression level of UPF1 was negatively 
correlated with the expression of DLX6-AS1 in TC tissues. Furthermore, knockdown 
of DLX6-AS1 significantly inhibited tumor metastasis in vivo.
CONCLUSIONS: Knockdown of DLX6-AS1 could inhibit TC cell migration and invasion 
via upregulating UPF1, which might be a potential therapeutic target in TC.

DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_201912_19790
PMID: 31858555 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


822. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2019 Dec;23(24):10678-10684. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_201912_19766.

Long noncoding RNA TTN-AS1 promotes the proliferation and migration of prostate 
cancer by inhibiting miR-1271 level.

Zhu Y(1), Yang Z, Luo XH, Xu P.

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Baoji Central Hospital, Baoji, China. 
xuping198008@163.com.

Retraction in
    Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2021 Feb;25(3):1165. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202102_24813.

OBJECTIVE: Prostate cancer is one of the most common malignant tumors. Recently, 
the role of long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) in tumor progression has been well 
concerned by numerous researchers. In this research, lncRNA TTN-AS1 was studied 
to identify its biological function in the progression of prostate cancer.
PATIENTS AND METHODS: Firstly, Real Time-quantitative Polymerase Chain Reaction 
(RT-qPCR) was conducted to measure TTN-AS1 expression in prostate cancer 
tissues. Furthermore, in vitro role of TTN-AS1 in regulating prostate cancer 
cells was assessed. Tumor formation assay was conducted in NOD/SCID mice to 
explore the in vitro function of TTN-AS1. In addition, the luciferase reporter 
gene assay was performed to analyze the relationship between TTN-AS1 and 
miR-1271.
RESULTS: TTN-AS1 expression was remarkably higher in prostate cancer samples 
compared with that of corresponding ones. Moreover, proliferation and migration 
of prostate cancer cells were inhibited after TTN-AS1 was silenced. MiR-1271 was 
upregulated after the silence of TTN-AS1. Further mechanism assays showed that 
miR-1271 was a direct target of TTN-AS1 in prostate cancer. In addition, tumor 
formation and metastasis abilities were inhibited after in vivo knockdown of 
TTN-AS1.
CONCLUSIONS: Our study discovers a potential oncogene in prostate cancer and 
demonstrates that TTN-AS1 enhances cell proliferation and migration via sponging 
miR-1271.

DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_201912_19766
PMID: 31858535 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


823. JACC Clin Electrophysiol. 2019 Dec;5(12):1363-1383. doi: 
10.1016/j.jacep.2019.09.015.

Ventricular Tachycardia Ablation: Past, Present, and Future Perspectives.

Guandalini GS(1), Liang JJ(2), Marchlinski FE(3).

Author information:
(1)Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, Electrophysiology Section, Hospital of 
the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
(2)Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, Electrophysiology Service, University of 
Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan.
(3)Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, Electrophysiology Section, Hospital of 
the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Electronic address: 
francis.marchlinski@uphs.upenn.edu.

Although implantable cardioverter-defibrillators positively affect survival in 
patients at increased risk for arrhythmic sudden cardiac death, quality of life 
can be negatively affected by recurrent therapies. Ventricular tachycardia (VT) 
ablation targets clinical arrhythmias to prevent recurrence. Although treatment 
of VT initially required open heart surgery, it has since been replaced by 
percutaneous ablation, a safe and effective catheter-based therapy to ablate 
myocardium from either the endocardial or the epicardial surface. Four basic 
mapping techniques are used to guide VT ablation: activation, entrainment, and 
pace and substrate mapping. Current recommendations for VT ablation, especially 
in the setting of structural heart disease, mostly reserve this treatment for 
patients for whom antiarrhythmic therapy has failed or is not tolerated or 
desired. These recommendations derive from multiple observational reports and 
several randomized prospective studies in patients with VT in the setting of 
ischemic cardiac disease. Patients are usually referred late in their clinical 
course for VT ablation, limiting enrollment in clinical trials and resulting in 
limited prospective randomized data on long-term outcomes with ablative therapy. 
Future research efforts should address unmet needs, including more rigorous 
assessment of survival benefit from VT ablation, outcomes data of VT ablation in 
patients with nonischemic cardiomyopathy, and assessment of strategies to 
improve intramural substrate ablation. Emerging technologies with disruptive 
potential include the use of lower ionic strength irrigants, energy delivery 
guided by impedance modulation, simultaneous unipolar and bipolar ablation, and 
novel ablation catheters, including the retractable needle-tip electrode 
catheter. Promising alternatives to radiofrequency ablation include alcohol 
ablation from the coronary arterial or venous system, direct current or pulsed 
field electroporation, and stereotactic body radiotherapy guided by noninvasive 
substrate mapping. Future studies are needed to demonstrate the safety and 
efficacy of these novel technologies compared with standard radiofrequency 
catheter ablation.

Copyright © 2019 American College of Cardiology Foundation. Published by 
Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jacep.2019.09.015
PMID: 31857035 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


824. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Open Access Maced J Med Sci. 2019 Sep 11;7(18):3121-3126. doi: 
10.3889/oamjms.2019.774. eCollection 2019 Sep 30.

A Mathematical Model for the Signal of Death and Emergence of Mind Out of Brain 
in Izhikevich Neuron Model.

Fioranelli M(1), Sepehri A(1), Roccia MG(1), Rossi C(1), Lotti J(1), Barygina 
V(2), Vojvodic P(3), Vojvodic A(4), Vlaskovic-Jovicevic T(3), Vojvodic J(3), 
Dimitrijevic S(5), Peric-Hajzler Z(6), Matovic D(6), Sijan G(7), Wollina U(8), 
Tirant M(9), Thuong NV(10), Lotti T(11).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nuclear Physics, Sub-nuclear and Radiation, G. Marconi 
University, Rome, Italy.
(2)Department of Biomedical Experimental and Clinical Sciences, University of 
Florence, Florence, Italy.
(3)Clinic for Psychiatric Disorders "Dr. Laza Lazarevic", Belgrade, Serbia.
(4)Department of Dermatology and Venereology, Military Medical Academy, 
Belgrade, Serbia.
(5)Department of Gynecology, Military Medical Academy, Belgrade, Serbia.
(6)Military Medical Academy, Belgrade, Serbia.
(7)Clinic for Plastic Surgery and Burns, Military Medical Academy, Belgrade, 
Serbia.
(8)Department of Dermatology and Allergology, Städtisches Klinikum Dresden, 
Dresden, Germany.
(9)University G. Marconi, Rome, Italy.
(10)Vietnam National Hospital of Dermatology and Venereology, Hanoi, Vietnam.
(11)Department of Dermatology, University of G. Marconi, Rome, Italy.

Retraction in
    Open Access Maced J Med Sci. 2020 Sep 30;8(B):573. doi: 
10.3889/oamjms.2020.5492.

AIM: In this paper, using a mathematical model, we will show that for special 
exchanged photons, the Hamiltonian of a collection of neurons tends to a 
constant number and all activities is stopped. These photons could be called as 
the dead photons. To this aim, we use concepts of Bio-BIon in Izhikevich Neuron 
model.
METHODS: In a neuron, there is a page of Dendrite, a page of axon's terminals 
and a tube of Schwann cells, axon and Myelin Sheath that connects them. These 
two pages and tube form a Bio-Bion. In a Bio-Bion, exchanging photons and some 
charged particles between terminals of dendrite and terminals of axon leads to 
the oscillation of neurons and transferring information. This Bion produces the 
Hamiltonian, wave equation and action potential of Izhikevich Neuron model. 
Also, this Bion determines the type of dependency of parameters of Izhikevich 
model on temperature and frequency and obtains the exact shape of membrane 
capacitance, resting membrane potential and instantaneous threshold potential.
RESULTS: Under some conditions, waves of neurons in this BIon join to each other 
and potential shrinks to a delta function. Consequently, total Hamiltonian of 
the system tends to a constant number and system of neuron act like a dead 
system. Finally, this model indicates that all neurons have the ability to 
produce similar waves and signals like waves of the mind.
CONCLUSION: Generalizing this to biology, we can claim that neurons out of the 
brain can produce signals of minding and imaging and thus mind isn't confined to 
the brain.

Copyright: © 2019 Massimo Fioranelli, Alireza Sepehri, Maria Grazia Roccia, 
Chiara Rossi, Jacopo Lotti, Victoria Barygina, Petar Vojvodic, Aleksandra 
Vojvodic, Tatjana Vlaskovic-Jovicevic, Jovana Vojvodic, Sanja Dimitrijevic, 
Zorica Peric-Hajzler, Dusica Matovic, Goran Sijan, Uwe Wollina, Michael Tirant, 
Nguyen Van Thuong, Torello Lotti.

DOI: 10.3889/oamjms.2019.774
PMCID: PMC6910805
PMID: 31850137


825. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Open Access Maced J Med Sci. 2019 Sep 11;7(18):3096-3100. doi: 
10.3889/oamjms.2019.767. eCollection 2019 Sep 30.

DNA Waves and Their Applications in Biology.

Fioranelli M(1), Sepehri A(1), Roccia MG(1), Rossi C(1), Lotti J(1), Vojvodic 
P(2), Barygina V(3), Vojvodic A(4), Vlaskovic-Jovicevic T(2), Peric-Hajzler 
Z(5), Matovic D(5), Vojvodic J(2), Dimitrijevic S(6), Sijan G(7), Wollina U(8), 
Tirant M(9), Thuong NV(10), Lotti T(11).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nuclear Physics, Sub-nuclear and Radiation, G. Marconi 
University, Rome, Italy.
(2)Clinic for Psychiatric Disorders "Dr. Laza Lazarevic", Belgrade, Serbia.
(3)Department of Biomedical Experimental and Clinical Sciences, University of 
Florence, Florence, Italy.
(4)Department of Dermatology and Venereology, Military Medical Academy, 
Belgrade, Serbia.
(5)Military Medical Academy, Belgrade, Serbia.
(6)Department of Gynecology, Military Medical Academy, Belgrade, Serbia.
(7)Clinic for Plastic Surgery and Burns, Military Medical Academy, Belgrade, 
Serbia.
(8)Department of Dermatology and Allergology, Städtisches Klinikum Dresden, 
Dresden, Germany.
(9)G. Marconi University, Rome, Italy.
(10)Vietnam National Hospital of Dermatology and Venereology, Hanoi, Vietnam.
(11)Department of Dermatology, University of G. Marconi, Rome, Italy.

Retraction in
    Open Access Maced J Med Sci. 2020 Sep 30;8(B):573. doi: 
10.3889/oamjms.2020.5492.

AIM: In this research, we show that DNA waves have many applications in biology. 
DNA is formed by the joining of quantum particles like electrons and charged 
atoms. DNA has different motions during transcription, translation, and 
replication, in which the charged particles move, accelerate, and emit waves. 
Thus, DNA could emit quantum waves.
METHODS: Two methods are proposed to observe the effect of DNA waves. The first 
proposed method measures DNA waves emitted by bacteria suspended in the milk. 
The vessel of milk is placed in the interior of an inductor. One side of the 
vessel is connected to a generator and another side to a scope. By sending a 
current to the inductor, an input electromagnetic field is produced. Bacteria 
interact with the input field, change it and produce new output signals. Using 
the scope, the output signals are observed and compared with the input signals. 
The number of DNA waves produced also depends on temperature.
RESULTS: At lower temperatures, bacterial replication is less, and fewer DNA 
waves are produced. Conversely, more bacteria are generated at higher 
temperatures, and more DNA waves are produced. The second proposed method 
acquires and images of DNA signals of chick embryos. In this method, a circuit 
is constructed that consists of a graphene or metal tube, generator, inductor, 
scope, DNA in the interior of eggs and DNA exterior to the eggs. Magnetic waves 
pass the interior and exterior DNA as well as the graphene. The DNA is excited 
and the exciting interior/exterior DNA exchanges waves. Some of these waves 
interact with electrons in the graphene tube, and a current is generated. 
Properties of the chick embryo DNA can be explored by analysing changes in the 
waves that emerge from the eggs.
CONCLUSION: It is concluded that DNA waves could be used extensively in imaging 
and provide for us the exact information about evolutions of DNAs interior of 
biological systems.

Copyright: © 2019 Massimo Fioranelli, Alireza Sepehri, Maria Grazia Roccia, 
Chiara Rossi, Jacopo Lotti, Petar Vojvodic, Victoria Barygina, Aleksandra 
Vojvodic, Tatjana Vlaskovic-Jovicevic, Zorica Peric-Hajzler, Dusica Matovic, 
Jovana Vojvodic, Sanja Dimitrijevic, Goran Sijan, Uwe Wollina, Michael Tirant, 
Nguyen Van Thuong, Torello Lotti.

DOI: 10.3889/oamjms.2019.767
PMCID: PMC6910796
PMID: 31850131


826. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Open Access Maced J Med Sci. 2019 Aug 30;7(18):3085-3089. doi: 
10.3889/oamjms.2019.777. eCollection 2019 Sep 30.

Recovery of Brain in Chick Embryos by Growing Second Heart and Brain.

Fioranelli M(1), Sepehri A(1), Roccia MG(1), Linda C(1), Rossi C(1), Dawodo 
A(1), Vojvodic P(2), Lotti J(1), Barygina V(3), Vojvodic A(4), Wollina U(5), 
Tirant M(6), Thuong NV(7), Lotti T(8).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nuclear Physics, Sub-nuclear and Radiation, G. Marconi 
University, Rome, Italy.
(2)Clinic for Psychiatric Disorders "Dr. Laza Lazarevic", Belgrade, Serbia.
(3)Department of Biomedical Experimental and Clinical Sciences, University of 
Florence, Florence, Italy.
(4)Department of Dermatology and Venereology, Military Medical Academy, 
Belgrade, Serbia.
(5)Department of Dermatology and Allergology, Städtisches Klinikum Dresden, 
Dresden, Germany.
(6)G. Marconi University, Rome, Italy.
(7)Vietnam National Hospital of Dermatology and Venereology, Hanoi, Vietnam.
(8)Department of Dermatology, University of G. Marconi, Rome, Italy.

Retraction in
    Open Access Maced J Med Sci. 2020 Sep 30;8(B):573. doi: 
10.3889/oamjms.2020.5492.

To recover chick embryos damaged the brain, two methods are presented. In both 
of them, somatic cells of an embryo introduced into an egg cell and an embryo 
have emerged. In one method, injured a part of the brain in the head of an 
embryo is replaced with a healthy part of the brain. In the second method, the 
heart of brain embryo dead is transplanted with the embryo heart. In this 
mechanism, new blood cells are emerged in the bone marrow and transmit 
information of transplantation to subventricular zone (SVZ) of the brain through 
the circulatory system. Then, SVZ produces new neural stem cells by a subsequent 
dividing into neurons. These neurons produce new neural circuits within the 
brain and recover the injured brain. To examine the model, two hearts of two 
embryos are connected, and their effects on neural circuits are observed.

Copyright: © 2019 Massimo Fioranelli, Alireza Sepehri, Maria Grazia Roccia, Cota 
Linda, Chiara Rossi, Amos Dawodo, Petar Vojvodic, Jacopo Lotti, Victoria 
Barygina, Aleksandra Vojvodic, Uwe Wollina, Michael Tirant, Nguyen Van Thuong, 
Torello Lotti.

DOI: 10.3889/oamjms.2019.777
PMCID: PMC6910787
PMID: 31850128


827. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Open Access Maced J Med Sci. 2019 Aug 30;7(18):3073-3080. doi: 
10.3889/oamjms.2019.776. eCollection 2019 Sep 30.

A Black Hole at the Center of Earth Plays the Role of the Biggest System of 
Telecommunication for Connecting DNAs, Dark DNAs and Molecules of Water on 4+N- 
Dimensional Manifold.

Fioranelli M(1), Sepehri A(1), Roccia MG(1), Linda C(1), Rossi C(1), Vojvodic 
P(2), Lotti J(1), Barygina V(3), Vojvodic A(4), Wollina U(5), Tirant M(6), 
Thuong NV(7), Lotti T(8).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nuclear Physics, Sub-nuclear and Radiation, G. Marconi 
University, Rome, Italy.
(2)Clinic for Psychiatric Disorders "Dr. Laza Lazarevic", Belgrade, Serbia.
(3)Department of Biomedical Experimental and Clinical Sciences, University of 
Florence, Florence, Italy.
(4)Department of Dermatology and Venereology, Military Medical Academy, 
Belgrade, Serbia.
(5)Department of Dermatology and Allergology, Städtisches Klinikum Dresden, 
Dresden, Germany.
(6)G. Marconi University, Rome, Italy.
(7)Vietnam National Hospital of Dermatology and Venereology, Hanoi, Vietnam.
(8)Department of Dermatology, University of G. Marconi, Rome, Italy.

Retraction in
    Open Access Maced J Med Sci. 2020 Sep 30;8(B):573. doi: 
10.3889/oamjms.2020.5492.

Recently, some scientists from NASA have claimed that there may be a black hole 
like structure at the centre of the earth. We show that the existence of life on 
the earth may be a reason that this black hole like object is a black brane that 
has been formed from biological materials like DNA. Size of this DNA black brane 
is 109 times longer than the size of the earth's core and compacted interior it. 
By compacting this long object, a curved space-time emerges, and some properties 
of black holes emerge. This structure is the main cause of the emergence of the 
large temperature of the core, magnetic field around the earth and gravitational 
field for moving around the sun. Also, this structure produces some waves which 
act like topoisomerase in biology and read the information on DNAs. However, on 
the four-dimensional manifold, DNAs are contracted at least four times around 
various axis's and waves of earth couldn't read their information. While, by 
adding extra dimensions on 4 +n-dimensional manifold, the separation distance 
between particles increases and all of the information could be recovered by 
waves. For this reason, each DNA has two parts which one can be seen on the 
four-dimensional universe, and another one has existed in extra dimensions, and 
only it's e_ects is observed. This dark part of DNA called as a dark DNA in an 
extra dimension. These dark DNAs not only exchange information with DNAs but 
also are connected with some of the molecules of water and helps them to store 
information and have memory. Thus, the earth is the biggest system of 
telecommunication which connects DNAs, dark DNAs and molecules of water.

Copyright: © 2019 Massimo Fioranelli, Alireza Sepehri, Maria Grazia Roccia, Cota 
Linda, Chiara Rossi, Petar Vojvodic, Jacopo Lotti, Victoria Barygina, Aleksandra 
Vojvodic, Uwe Wollina, Michael Tirant, Nguyen Van Thuong, Torello Lotti.

DOI: 10.3889/oamjms.2019.776
PMCID: PMC6910781
PMID: 31850126


828. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Open Access Maced J Med Sci. 2019 Aug 30;7(18):2991-2997. doi: 
10.3889/oamjms.2019.778. eCollection 2019 Sep 30.

New System Delivering Microwaves Energy for Inducing Subcutaneous Fat Reduction: 
In - Vivo Histological and Ultrastructural Evidence.

Zerbinati N(1), d'Este E(2), Cornaglia AI(3), Riva F(3), Farina A(3), Calligaro 
A(3), Gallo G(4), Perrotta ER(5), Protasoni M(1), Bonan P(6), Vojvodic A(7), 
Fioranelli M(8), Thuong NV(9), Lotti T(10), Tirant M(11), Vojvodic P(12).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medicine and Surgery School of Medicine, University of Insubria 
(Varese), Italy.
(2)Centro Medico Polispecialistico, Pavia, Italy.
(3)Department of Public Health, Experimental and Forensic Medicine, Unit of 
Histology and Embryology, University of Pavia, Pavia, Italy.
(4)Laser Unit of Medi-Este-Laser Center, Canicattì, Italy.
(5)Department of General Surgery and Surgical Medical Specialties, Hospital 
Cannizzaro, Catania, Italy.
(6)Laser Cutaneous Cosmetic & Plastic Surgery Unit, Villa Donatello Clinic, 
Florence, Italy.
(7)Department of Dermatology and Venereology, Military Medical Academy, 
Belgrade, Serbia.
(8)Department of Nuclear Physics, Sub-nuclear and Radiation, G. Marconi 
University, Rome, Italy.
(9)Director of National Hospital of Dermatology and Venereology Vietnam, Head of 
Dermatology and Venereology Faculty, Hanoi Medical University, Hanoi, Vietnam.
(10)Department of Dermatology, University Guglielmo Marconi, Rome, Italy.
(11)University Guglielmo Marconi, Rome, Italy.
(12)Clinic for Psychiatric Disorders "Dr. Laza Lazarevic", Belgrade, Serbia.

Retraction in
    Open Access Maced J Med Sci. 2020 Sep 30;8(B):573. doi: 
10.3889/oamjms.2020.5492.

BACKGROUND: Recently, it has been developed a new technology for the reduction 
of subcutaneous adipose tissue through a non-invasive treatment by microwaves. 
The main objective of the present study is to demonstrate the feasibility of 
utilising a non-invasive, localised microwaves (MW) device to induce thermal 
modifications into subcutaneous adipose tissue only by a controlled 
electromagnetic field that heats up fat preferentially. This device is provided 
with a special handpiece appropriately cooled, directly contacting the cutaneous 
surface of the body, which provides a calibrated energy transfer by microwaves.
AIM: In this paper, microscopic and ultrastructural modifications of 
subcutaneous adipose tissue induced by microwaves irradiation are evaluated.
METHODS: Our experimental plan was designed for collecting biopsy samples, for 
each skin region treated with a single irradiation session, 1) before treatment 
(control), 2) immediately after treatment, 3) after 6 hrs, 4) after 1 month, 5) 
after 2 months. Bioptic samples from each step were processed for light 
microscopy and transmission electron microscopy. At the same time, each region 
where biopsies were collected was subjected to ultrasound examination. Recorded 
images permitted to evaluate the thickness of different layers as epidermis, 
dermis, hypodermis, connective fasciae, until to muscle layer, and related 
modifications induced by treatment.
RESULTS: In every biopsy collected at different time-steps, epidermis and 
superficial dermis appeared not modified compared to control. Differently, 
already in the short-term biopsies, in the deep dermis and superficial 
hypodermis, fibrillar connective tissue appeared modified, showing reduction and 
fragmentation of interlobular collagen septa. The most important adipose tissue 
modifications were detectable following 1 month from treatment, with a 
significant reduction of subcutaneous fat, participating both the lysis of many 
adipocytes and the related phagocytic action of monocytes/macrophages on 
residuals of compromised structures of adipocytes. In the samples collected two 
months following treatment, the remnants of adipose tissue appeared normal, and 
macrophages were completely absent.
CONCLUSIONS: Ultrasound, microscopic and ultrastructural evidence are supporting 
significant effectiveness of the new device treatment in the reduction of 
subcutaneous fat. In this paper, the possible mechanisms involved in the 
activation of the monocytes/macrophages system responsible for the removal of 
adipocytes residuals have also been discussed.

Copyright: © 2019 Nicola Zerbinati, Edoardo d’Este, Antonia Icaro Cornaglia, 
Federica Riva, Aurora Farina, Alberto Calligaro, Giovanni Gallo, Emanuele 
Rosario Perrotta, Marina Protasoni, Paolo Bonan, Aleksandra Vojvodic, Massimo 
Fioranelli, Nguyen Van Thuong, Torello Lotti, Michael Tirant, Petar Vojvodic.

DOI: 10.3889/oamjms.2019.778
PMCID: PMC6910790
PMID: 31850107


829. EJNMMI Phys. 2019 Dec 16;6(1):25. doi: 10.1186/s40658-019-0263-x.

Development of a blood sample detector for multi-tracer positron emission 
tomography using gamma spectroscopy.

Velasco C(1)(2), Mota-Cobián A(1)(2), Mateo J(1), España S(3)(4).

Author information:
(1)Centro Nacional de Investigaciones Cardiovasculares (CNIC), Madrid, Spain.
(2)Universidad Complutense de Madrid; IdISSC, Madrid, Spain.
(3)Centro Nacional de Investigaciones Cardiovasculares (CNIC), Madrid, Spain. 
sespana@ucm.es.
(4)Universidad Complutense de Madrid; IdISSC, Madrid, Spain. sespana@ucm.es.

BACKGROUND: Multi-tracer positron emission tomography (PET) imaging can be 
accomplished by applying multi-tracer compartment modeling. Recently, a method 
has been proposed in which the arterial input functions (AIFs) of the 
multi-tracer PET scan are explicitly derived. For that purpose, a gamma 
spectroscopic analysis is performed on blood samples manually withdrawn from the 
patient when at least one of the co-injected tracers is based on a non-pure 
positron emitter. Alternatively, these blood samples required for the 
spectroscopic analysis may be obtained and analyzed on site by an automated 
detection device, thus minimizing analysis time and radiation exposure of the 
operating personnel. In this work, a new automated blood sample detector based 
on silicon photomultipliers (SiPMs) for single- and multi-tracer PET imaging is 
presented, characterized, and tested in vitro and in vivo.
RESULTS: The detector presented in this work stores and analyzes on-the-fly 
single and coincidence detected events. A sensitivity of 22.6 cps/(kBq/mL) and 
1.7 cps/(kBq/mL) was obtained for single and coincidence events respectively. An 
energy resolution of 35% full-width-half-maximum (FWHM) at 511 keV and a minimum 
detectable activity of 0.30 ± 0.08 kBq/mL in single mode were obtained. The in 
vivo AIFs obtained with the detector show an excellent Pearson's correlation (r 
= 0.996, p < 0.0001) with the ones obtained from well counter analysis of 
discrete blood samples. Moreover, in vitro experiments demonstrate the 
capability of the detector to apply the gamma spectroscopic analysis on a 
mixture of 68Ga and 18F and separate the individual signal emitted from each 
one.
CONCLUSIONS: Characterization and in vivo evaluation under realistic 
experimental conditions showed that the detector proposed in this work offers 
excellent sensibility and stability. The device also showed to successfully 
separate individual signals emitted from a mixture of radioisotopes. Therefore, 
the blood sample detector presented in this study allows fully automatic AIFs 
measurements during single- and multi-tracer PET studies.

DOI: 10.1186/s40658-019-0263-x
PMCID: PMC6915254
PMID: 31845002

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


830. Med Phys. 2020 Aug;47(8):3496-3510. doi: 10.1002/mp.13972. Epub 2020 Jul 6.

Commissioning and beam characterization of the first gantry-mounted accelerator 
pencil beam scanning proton system.

Kang M(1), Pang D(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Medicine, Georgetown University Hospital, Washington, 
DC, USA.

PURPOSE: To present and discuss beam characteristics and commissioning process 
of the first gantry-mounted accelerator single room pencil beam scanning (PBS) 
proton system.
METHODS: The Mevion HYPERSCAN employs a design configuration with a 
synchrocyclotron mounted on the gantry to eliminate the traditional beamline and 
a nozzle that contains the dosimetry monitoring chambers, the energy modulator 
(Energy Selector (ES)), and an Adaptive Aperture (AA). To characterize the beam, 
we measured the integrated depth dose (IDDs) for 12 energies, from highest 
energy of 227 MeV down to 28 MeV with a range difference ~ 2 cm between the 
adjacent energies, using a large radius Bragg peak chamber; single-spot profiles 
in air at five locations along the beam central axis using radiochromic EBT3 
film and cross compared with a scintillation detector; and determined the output 
using a densely packed spot map. To access the performance of AA, we measured 
interleaf leakage and the penumbra reduction effect. Monte Carlo simulation 
using TOPAS was performed to study spot size variation along the beam path, beam 
divergence, and energy spectrum.
RESULTS: This proton system is calibrated to deliver 1 Gy dose at 5 cm depth in 
water using the highest beam energy by delivering 1 MU/spot to a 10 × 10 cm2 map 
with a 2.5 mm spot spacing. The spot size in air varies from 4 mm to 26 mm from 
227 MeV to 28 MeV at the isocenter plane with the nozzle retracted 23.6 cm from 
isocenter. The beam divergence of 28 MeV beam is ~ 52.7 mrad, which is nearly 22 
times that of 227 MeV proton beam. The binary design of the ES has resulted in 
shifts of the effective SSD toward the isocenter as the energy is modulated 
lower. The peaks of IDD curves have a constant 80%-80% width of 8.4 mm at all 
energies. The interleaf leakage of the AA is less than 1.5% at the highest 
energy; and the AA can reduce the penumbra by 2 mm to 13 mm for the 227 and 
28 MeV energies at isocenter plane in air.
CONCLUSIONS: The unique design of the HYPERSCAN proton system has yielded beam 
characteristics significantly different from that of other proton systems in 
terms of the Bragg peak shapes, spot sizes, and the penumbra sharpening effect 
of the AA. The combination of the ES and AA has made PBS implementation possible 
without using beam transport line and range shifter devices. Different 
considerations may be required in treatment planning optimization to account for 
different design and beam characteristics.

© 2019 American Association of Physicists in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1002/mp.13972
PMID: 31840264 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


831. Int J Med Sci. 2019 Nov 9;16(12):1642-1651. doi: 10.7150/ijms.38521. eCollection 
2019.

Inhibition of Triple-Negative Breast Cancer Tumor Growth by Electroacupuncture 
with Encircled Needling and Its Mechanisms in a Mice Xenograft Model.

Jiang X(1)(2), Tian Y(1), Xu L(1), Zhang Q(1), Wan Y(1), Qi X(1), Li B(3), Guo 
J(4), Sun W(4), Luo A(5), Huang J(1), Gu X(2).

Author information:
(1)Third Affiliated Hospital, Beijing University of Chinese Medicine, Beijing 
100029, China.
(2)School of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Beijing University of Chinese 
Medicine, Beijing 100029, China.
(3)Department of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Beijing Chest Hospital, Capital 
Medical University, Beijing 101149, China.
(4)Institute of Clinical Medical Science, China-Japan Friendship Hospital, 
Beijing 100029, China.
(5)State Key Lab of Molecular Oncology, National Cancer Center/National Clinical 
Research Center for Cancer/Cancer Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences 
and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing 100021, China.

Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) is the most aggressive subtype of breast 
cancer without effective targeted drugs. While breast cancer patients often use 
acupuncture for the relief of cancer-induced pain or the side effects of chemo- 
or radiation therapy, little information is known regarding the direct effects 
of electroacupuncture on TNBC tumor and its potential mechanisms. Here, we 
created a mice model of TNBC and electroacupuncture with encircled needling 
around the tumors was given to the animals daily for 3 weeks at 15-20 Hz (3 min, 
each time). For sham electroacupuncture control, the skin was punctured to a 
depth of 5 mm and then the needle was quickly withdrawn without electrical 
stimulation or manual needle manipulation. We found that electroacupuncture 
significantly inhibited TNBC tumor growth and the inhibitory rate increased 
gradually overtime. Mechanistic analysis showed that electroacupuncture 
inhibited tumor angiogenesis by reducing the expression of vascular endothelial 
growth factor A (VEGF-A), its receptor VEGF-R and neuropilin 1 (NRP-1). 
Electroacupuncture also led to a significant decrease of matrix 
metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2) expression and an increase of tissue inhibitor of 
MMP (TIMP-2) expression. Additionally, the expression of semaphorin 3A (Sema3A) 
and nerve growth factor receptor (NGFR) p75 in TNBC tissue was significantly 
upregulated in response to electroacupuncture. Furthermore, tumor necrosis 
factor (TNF)-alpha level in the serum was dramatically reduced after 
electroacupuncture. These results showed that electroacupuncture could directly 
inhibit TNBC tumor growth through the inhibition of proteins related to tumor 
angiogenesis and extracellular matrix, the suppression of TNBC-induced 
inflammation and the upregulation of nerve growth factor receptors.

© The author(s).

DOI: 10.7150/ijms.38521
PMCID: PMC6909807
PMID: 31839752 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Competing Interests: The authors have declared 
that no competing interest exists.


832. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2020 May;145(5):1389-1405. doi: 
10.1016/j.jaci.2019.11.041. Epub 2019 Dec 16.

Noncanonical autophagy in dermal dendritic cells mediates immunosuppressive 
effects of UV exposure.

Sil P(1), Suwanpradid J(2), Muse G(1), Gruzdev A(3), Liu L(4), Corcoran DL(5), 
Willson CJ(6), Janardhan K(6), Grimm S(7), Myers P(8), Degraff LM(1), MacLeod 
AS(9), Martinez J(10).

Author information:
(1)Immunity, Inflammation, and Disease Laboratory, National Institute of 
Environmental Health Sciences, National Institutes of Health, Research Triangle 
Park, NC.
(2)Department of Dermatology, Duke University, Durham, NC.
(3)Knockout Mouse Core Laboratory, Reproductive and Developmental Biology 
Laboratory, National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, National 
Institutes of Health, Research Triangle Park, NC.
(4)Molecular Genomics Core Laboratory, Signal Transduction Laboratory, National 
Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, National Institutes of Health, 
Research Triangle Park, NC.
(5)Duke Center for Genomic and Computational Biology, Duke University Medical 
Center, Durham, NC.
(6)Integrated Laboratory Systems, Inc, Research Triangle Park, NC.
(7)Division of Intramural Research, Research Triangle Park, NC.
(8)Comparative Medicine Branch, National Institute of Environmental Health 
Sciences, National Institutes of Health, Research Triangle Park, NC.
(9)Department of Dermatology, Duke University, Durham, NC; Department of 
Immunology, Duke University, Durham, NC; Department of Molecular Genetics and 
Microbiology, Duke University, Durham, NC.
(10)Immunity, Inflammation, and Disease Laboratory, National Institute of 
Environmental Health Sciences, National Institutes of Health, Research Triangle 
Park, NC. Electronic address: jennifer.martinez3@nih.gov.

Retraction in
    J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2022 Oct;150(4):979. doi: 
10.1016/j.jaci.2022.08.006.

Comment in
    J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2020 May;145(5):1363-1364. doi: 
10.1016/j.jaci.2020.03.009.

BACKGROUND: Control of the inflammatory response is critical to maintaining 
homeostasis, and failure to do so contributes to the burden of chronic 
inflammation associated with several disease states. The mechanisms that 
underlie immunosuppression, however, remain largely unknown. Although defects in 
autophagy machinery have been associated with inflammatory pathologic 
conditions, we now appreciate that autophagic components participate in 
noncanonical pathways distinct from classical autophagy. We have previously 
demonstrated that LC3-associated phagocytosis (LAP), a noncanonical autophagic 
process dependent on Rubicon (rubicon autophagy regulator [RUBCN]), contributes 
to immunosuppression.
OBJECTIVE: We used Rubcn-/- mice to examine the role of the LAP pathway in 
mediating the UV-induced immunotolerant program in a model of contact 
hypersensitivity (CHS).
METHODS: Flow cytometry and transcriptional analysis were used to measure immune 
cell infiltration and activation in the skin of Rubcn+/+ and Rubcn-/- mice 
during the CHS response.
RESULTS: Here, we demonstrate that LAP is required for UV-induced 
immunosuppression and that UV exposure induces a broadly anti-inflammatory 
transcriptional program dependent on Rubicon. Rubcn-/- mice are resistant to 
UV-induced immunosuppression and instead display exaggerated inflammation in a 
model of CHS. Specifically, RUBCN deficiency in CD301b+ dermal dendritic cells 
results in their increased antigen presentation capacity and subsequent 
hyperactivation of the CD8+ T-cell response.
CONCLUSIONS: LAP functions to limit the immune response and is critical in 
maintaining the balance between homeostasis and inflammation.

Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jaci.2019.11.041
PMCID: PMC7214202
PMID: 31837371 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: DECLARATIONS OF INTERESTS The authors declare no 
competing interests.


833. Cleft Palate Craniofac J. 2020 Jun;57(6):707-714. doi: 10.1177/1055665619890785. 
Epub 2019 Dec 9.

"She Sounds Like a Small Child or Perhaps She has Problems"-Peers' Descriptions 
of Speech in 7-Year-Olds Born With Cleft Palate.

Nyberg J(1), Hagberg E(1)(2), Havstam C(3)(4).

Author information:
(1)Division of Speech and Language Pathology, Department of Clinical 
Intervention and Technology, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden.
(2)Stockholm Craniofacial Team, Patient Area Craniofacial Disorders and 
Functional Area Speech and Language Pathology, Karolinska University Hospital, 
Stockholm, Sweden.
(3)Division of Speech-Language Pathology, Sahlgrenska University Hospital, 
Gothenburg, Sweden.
(4)Institute of Neuroscience and Physiology/Speech-Language Pathology Unit, 
Sahlgrenska Academy at University of Gothenburg, Sweden.

OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to explore how 7-year-olds describe speech 
in children born with cleft palate in their own words and to investigate whether 
they perceive signs of velopharyngeal incompetence (VPI) and articulation 
errors, and if so, which terminology they use.
METHODS/PARTICIPANTS: Twenty 7-year-olds participated in 6 focus group 
interviews where they listened to 8 speech samples with different types of cleft 
speech characteristics and described what they heard. The same speech samples 
had been assessed by speech-language pathologists and comprised normal speech, 
different degrees of VPI, oral articulation disorders, and glottal articulation. 
The interviews were analyzed with qualitative content analysis.
RESULTS: The analysis resulted in 4 interlinked categories: descriptions of 
speech, thoughts on personal traits, consequences for communication, and 
emotional reactions and associations. Each category contains 4 to 5 
subcategories with the children's descriptions and reflections. Glottal 
articulation and severe signs of VPI caused the most negative emotional 
reactions and were described as sounding scary and incomprehensible and the 
children speculated on the risk of social rejection of the speakers. Retracted 
oral articulation was also noted and described but with a vocabulary similar to 
the professionals. Minor signs of VPI were not noted.
CONCLUSIONS: Seven-year-olds are direct and straightforward in their reactions 
to cleft palate speech characteristics. More pronounced signs of VPI and 
articulatory difficulties, also minor ones, are noted. Clinically, articulatory 
impairments may be more important to treat than minor signs of VPI.

DOI: 10.1177/1055665619890785
PMID: 31818136 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


834. JAMA Intern Med. 2020 Feb 1;180(2):223-230. doi: 
10.1001/jamainternmed.2019.5284.

Risk of Nephrogenic Systemic Fibrosis in Patients With Stage 4 or 5 Chronic 
Kidney Disease Receiving a Group II Gadolinium-Based Contrast Agent: A 
Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.

Woolen SA(1)(2), Shankar PR(1)(2), Gagnier JJ(3)(4), MacEachern MP(5), Singer 
L(6), Davenport MS(1)(2)(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
(2)Michigan Radiology Quality Collaborative, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
(3)Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
(4)Department of Epidemiology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
(5)Taubman Health Sciences Library, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
(6)Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Department of Radiation Oncology, Brigham and 
Women's Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts.
(7)Department of Urology, Michigan Medicine, Ann Arbor.

Comment in
    JAMA Intern Med. 2020 Feb 1;180(2):230-232. doi: 
10.1001/jamainternmed.2019.5278.
    Am J Kidney Dis. 2020 Sep;76(3):436-439. doi: 10.1053/j.ajkd.2020.03.011.

IMPORTANCE: Risk of nephrogenic systemic fibrosis (NSF) to individual patients 
with stage 4 or 5 chronic kidney disease (CKD; defined as estimated glomerular 
filtration rate of <30 mL/min/1.73 m2) who receive a group II gadolinium-based 
contrast agent (GBCA) is not well understood or summarized in the literature.
OBJECTIVE: To assess the pooled risk of NSF in patients with stage 4 or 5 CKD 
receiving a group II GBCA.
DATA SOURCES: A health sciences informationist searched the Ovid (MEDLINE and 
MEDLINE Epub Ahead of Print, In-Process & Other Non-Indexed Citation, and Daily 
and Versions), Embase, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Web of 
Science, and Open Grey databases from inception to January 29, 2019, yielding 
2700 citations.
STUDY SELECTION: Citations were screened for inclusion in a multistep process. 
Agreement for final cohort inclusion was determined by 2 blinded screeners using 
Cohen κ. Inclusion criteria consisted of stage 4 or 5 CKD with or without 
dialysis, administration of an unconfounded American College of Radiology 
classification group II GBCA (gadobenate dimeglumine, gadobutrol, gadoterate 
meglumine, or gadoteridol), and incident NSF as an outcome. Conference 
abstracts, retracted manuscripts, narrative reviews, editorials, case reports, 
and manuscripts not reporting total group II GBCA administrations were excluded.
DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Data extraction was performed for all studies by 
a single investigator, including publication details, study design and time 
frame, patient characteristics, group II GBCA(s) administered, total exposures 
for patients with stage 4 or stage 5 CKD, total cases of unconfounded NSF, 
reason for GBCA administration, follow-up duration, loss to follow-up, basis for 
NSF screening, and diagnosis.
MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Pooled incidence of NSF and the associated upper 
bound of a 2-sided 95% CI (risk estimate) for the pooled data and each of the 4 
group II GBCAs.
RESULTS: Sixteen unique studies with 4931 patients were included (κ = 0.68) in 
this systematic review and meta-analysis. The pooled incidence of NSF was 0 of 
4931 (0%; upper bound of 95% CI, 0.07%). The upper bound varied owing to 
different sample sizes for gadobenate dimeglumine (0 of 3167; upper bound of 95% 
CI, 0.12%), gadoterate meglumine (0 of 1204; upper bound of 95% CI, 0.31%), 
gadobutrol (0 of 330; upper bound of 95% CI, 1.11%), and gadoteridol (0 of 230; 
upper bound of 95% CI, 1.59%).
CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This study's findings suggest that the risk of NSF 
from group II GBCA administration in stage 4 or 5 CKD is likely less than 0.07%. 
The potential diagnostic harms of withholding group II GBCA for indicated 
examinations may outweigh the risk of NSF in this population.
TRIAL REGISTRATION: PROSPERO identifier: CRD42019123284.

DOI: 10.1001/jamainternmed.2019.5284
PMCID: PMC6902198
PMID: 31816007 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest Disclosures: Dr Gagnier 
reported receiving personal fees from Rubin Anders Scientific and Bartimus 
Frickleton Robertson Rader PC outside the submitted work. Dr Singer reported 
receiving grants from Brigham Research Institute outside the submitted work. Dr 
Davenport reported receiving royalties from Wolters Kluwer (Genitourinary 
Imaging: A Core Review) and uptodate.com for articles related to iodinated 
contrast media. No other disclosures were reported.


835. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomater Sci. 2020 Feb 7;8(3):858-870. doi: 10.1039/c9bm01126a. Epub 2019 Dec 6.

A near-infrared laser and H(2)O(2) activated bio-nanoreactor for enhanced 
photodynamic therapy of hypoxic tumors.

Deng L(1), Sheng D(2), Liu M(1), Yang L(3), Ran H(1), Li P(1), Cai X(4), Sun 
Y(1), Wang Z(1).

Author information:
(1)Institute of Ultrasound Imaging & Department of Ultrasound, The Second 
Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing Key Laboratory of 
Ultrasound Molecular Imaging, 400010, Chongqing, P. R. China. 
300006@hospital.cqmu.edu.cn 303507@hospital.cqmu.edu.cn.
(2)Department of Ultrasound, Fudan University Shanghai Cancer Center, 200032, 
Shanghai, P. R. China.
(3)Department of Breast and Thyroid Surgery, The Second Affiliated Hospital of 
Chongqing Medical University, 400010, Chongqing, P. R. China.
(4)Shanghai Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine, Shanghai Jiao Tong University 
Affiliated Sixth People's Hospital, 200233, Shanghai, P. R. China. 
c1x2j34@163.com.

Retraction in
    Biomater Sci. 2022 Nov 22;10(23):6850. doi: 10.1039/d2bm90084j.

Hypoxic resistance, photosensitizer toxicity, and target deficiency are major 
challenges strongly inhibiting the efficacy of clinical photodynamic therapy 
(PDT) in tumor treatment. To overcome these challenges, we synthesized IR780 and 
catalase co-loaded liposomes to form a tumor-targeted bio-nanoreactor 
(LIP-IR-CAT). The efficient strategy can solve the physicochemical problems 
including strong hydrophobicity, poor light stability, poor tolerance, and high 
toxicity in vivo of IR780 as a photosensitizer and promote the clinical 
application of IR780. Taking advantage of the high catalytic efficiency of 
catalase when it meets hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), continuous oxygen can be 
generated due to the abnormally elevated level of H2O2 within the tumor, thus 
remarkably promoting tumor oxygenation. With the conjunction of photosensitivity 
and specific mitochondria-targeting ability of IR780, the intratumoral reactive 
oxygen species (ROS) are strongly enhanced, and adenosine triphosphate (ATP) is 
reduced under near-infrared (NIR) laser irradiation. Following a single-dose 
intravenous injection of LIP-IR-CAT, tumor hypoxia can be seriously attenuated, 
at the same time creating an opportunity to enhance the efficacy of PDT on the 
tumor. Our in vivo data show that the nanoreactor LIP-IR-CAT, in combination 
with just two short time NIR laser irradiation sessions, can effectively inhibit 
the growth of solid tumors without systemic toxicity.

DOI: 10.1039/c9bm01126a
PMID: 31808470 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


836. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2019 Nov 11;12:9513-9525. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S210732. 
eCollection 2019.

miR-152-3p Sensitizes Glioblastoma Cells Towards Cisplatin Via Regulation Of 
SOS1.

Wang M(#)(1), Wu Q(#)(2), Fang M(#)(3), Huang W(4), Zhu H(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pathology, Changzhou Tumor Hospital, Affiliated to Soochow 
University, Changzhou, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Histology and Embryology, Heze Medical College, Heze, People's 
Republic of China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Changzhou Tumor Hospital, Affiliated to Soochow 
University, Changzhou, People's Republic of China.
(4)Department of Neurosurgery, The Affiliated Changzhou No.2 People's Hospital 
of Nanjing Medical University, Changzhou, People's Republic of China.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Minhang Branch of Cancer Hospital of Fudan 
University, Shanghai, People's Republic of China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2023 Jun 27;16:477-478. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S427670.

Expression of concern in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2022 Jul 18;15:779-780. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S382364.

BACKGROUND: Accumulating evidences suggest that microRNAs (miRNAs) play key 
roles in mediating glioblastoma progression. Decreased expression of miR-152-3p 
was reported in several cancer types including glioblastoma.
METHODS: The sensitivity of glioblastoma cells to cisplatin was assessed by the 
cell counting kit-8 assay and flow cytometry analysis. The expression of 
miR-152-3p was determined by RT-qPCR method. Bioinformatic analysis, dual 
luciferase reporter assay and Western blot were used to explore the target gene 
of miR-152-3p. The association between miR-152-3p and SOS1 was confirmed in 
glioblastoma tissues by Pearson correlation analysis.
RESULTS: In the current study, we discovered that overexpression of miR-152-3p 
increased cisplatin sensitivity while inhibition of miR-152-3p decreased 
cisplatin sensitivity in glioblastoma cells (T98G and U87). In addition, 
miR-152-3p augmented cell apoptosis induced by cisplatin treatment. It was 
further predicted and validated that SOS1, a protein involved in regulating 
chemotherapy sensitivity, was a direct target gene of miR-152-3p. SOS1 was 
proven to suppress the cytotoxic effect of cisplatin in glioblastoma. 
Transfection of recombinant SOS1 could effectively reverse the increased 
cisplatin sensitivity induced by miR-152-3p overexpression in T98G. Furthermore, 
overexpression of SOS1 reduced the percentage of apoptotic cells increased by 
miR-152-3p mimic in the presence of cisplatin in T98G. More importantly, a 
significant negative correlation between miR-152-3p levels and SOS1 levels was 
observed in glioblastoma tissues collected from 40 patients.
CONCLUSION: Our study identified miR-152-3p as a chemotherapy sensitizer in 
glioblastoma.

© 2019 Wang et al.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S210732
PMCID: PMC6857816
PMID: 31807027

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


837. Cardiovasc Intervent Radiol. 2020 Feb;43(2):284-294. doi: 
10.1007/s00270-019-02386-4. Epub 2019 Dec 3.

Complications of Computed Tomography-Guided High-Dose-Rate Brachytherapy 
(CT-HDRBT) and Risk Factors: Results from More than 10 Years of Experience.

Böning G(1), Büttner L(2), Jonczyk M(2), Lüdemann WM(2), Denecke T(2), 
Schnapauff D(2), Wieners G(2), Wust P(3), Gebauer B(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Charité - Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Humboldt 
University and Free University of Berlin Medical School, Charitéplatz 1, 10117, 
Berlin, Germany. georg.boening@charite.de.
(2)Department of Radiology, Charité - Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Humboldt 
University and Free University of Berlin Medical School, Charitéplatz 1, 10117, 
Berlin, Germany.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology and Radiotherapy, Charité - 
Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Humboldt University and Free University of Berlin 
Medical School, Charitéplatz 1, 10117, Berlin, Germany.

PURPOSE: For local ablation of unresectable tumors, computed tomography-guided 
high-dose-rate brachytherapy (CT-HDRBT) is a minimally invasive therapeutic 
option involving CT-guided catheter placement and high-dose-rate irradiation 
with iridium-192. Possible complications are related to transcutaneous puncture, 
retraction of the applicator, and delivery of brachytherapy. To classify 
CT-HDRBT in comparison with other minimally invasive therapeutic options, it is 
essential to know the probability of complications and their risk factors. This 
study therefore aimed at quantifying the occurrence of complications in CT-HDRBT 
and identifying potential risk factors.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Over a period of more than 10 years from 2006 to 2017, 
1877 consecutive CT-HDRBTs were performed at our center and retrospectively 
analyzed. In 165 cases, CT-HDRBT was combined with transarterial (chemo-) 
embolization. Information on complications and potential risk factors was 
retrospectively retrieved from electronic documentation. Statistical analysis of 
the data was performed.
RESULTS: No complications occurred in 85.6% of the interventions. The most 
common complications were bleeding (5.6%), infection (2.0%), and prolonged pain 
(1.5%). Summarized diameter (defined as sum of maximum diameters in axial 
orientation) of treated tumor lesions (odds ratio 1.008; p < 0.001), target 
lesion site (odds ratio 1.132; p = 0.033), combined treatment (odds ratio 1.233; 
p = 0.038), and the presence of biliodigestive anastomosis (BDA) (odds ratio 
1.824; p = 0.025) were identified as risk factors.
CONCLUSIONS: CT-HDRBT is a safe minimally invasive therapeutic option. 
Summarized diameter of treated tumor lesions, target lesion site, combined 
treatment, and presence of BDA are risk factors for complications.

DOI: 10.1007/s00270-019-02386-4
PMID: 31797103 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


838. Sci Rep. 2019 Dec 3;9(1):18210. doi: 10.1038/s41598-019-54687-w.

Neurite regrowth stimulation by a red-light spot focused on the neuronal cell 
soma following blue light-induced retraction.

Kao YC(1), Liao YC(2), Cheng PL(3), Lee CH(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Research Center for Applied Sciences, Academia Sinica, Taipei, 11529, Taiwan.
(2)Institute of Biophotonics, National Yang-Ming University, Taipei, 11221, 
Taiwan.
(3)Institute of Molecular Biology, Academia Sinica, Taipei, 11529, Taiwan.
(4)Research Center for Applied Sciences, Academia Sinica, Taipei, 11529, Taiwan. 
clee@gate.sinica.edu.tw.
(5)Institute of Biophotonics, National Yang-Ming University, Taipei, 11221, 
Taiwan. clee@gate.sinica.edu.tw.

The interaction of light with biological tissues has been considered for various 
therapeutic applications. Light-induced neurite growth has the potential to be a 
clinically useful technique for neuron repair. However, most previous studies 
used either a large illumination area to accelerate overall neurite growth or 
employed a light spot to guide a growing neurite. It is not clear if optical 
stimulation can induce the regrowth of a retracted neurite. In the present work, 
we used blue light (wavelength: 473 nm) to cause neurite retraction, and we 
proved that using a red-light (wavelength: 650 nm) spot to illuminate the soma 
near the junction of the retracted neurite could induce neurite regrowth. As a 
comparison, we found that green light (wavelength 550 nm) had a 62% probability 
of inducing neurite regrowth, while red light had a 75% probability of inducing 
neurite regrowth at the same power level. Furthermore, the neurite regrowth 
length induced by red light was increased by the pre-treatment with inhibitors 
of myosin functions. We also observed actin propagation from the soma to the tip 
of the re-growing neurite following red-light stimulation of the soma. The red 
light-induced extension and regrowth were abrogated in the calcium-free medium. 
These results suggest that illumination with a red-light spot on the soma may 
trigger the regrowth of a neurite after the retraction caused by blue-light 
illumination.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-019-54687-w
PMCID: PMC6890775
PMID: 31796850 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


839. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Clin Epigenetics. 2019 Dec 2;11(1):173. doi: 10.1186/s13148-019-0763-5.

Dissecting the role of novel EZH2 inhibitors in primary glioblastoma cell 
cultures: effects on proliferation, epithelial-mesenchymal transition, 
migration, and on the pro-inflammatory phenotype.

Stazi G(1), Taglieri L(2), Nicolai A(2), Romanelli A(1), Fioravanti R(1), 
Morrone S(2), Sabatino M(3), Ragno R(1)(3), Taurone S(4), Nebbioso M(4), 
Carletti R(5), Artico M(4), Valente S(6), Scarpa S(7), Mai A(8).

Author information:
(1)Department of Chemistry and Technologies of Drugs, Sapienza University of 
Rome, P.le A. Moro 5, 00185, Rome, Italy.
(2)Department of Experimental Medicine, Sapienza University of Rome, P.le A. 
Moro 5, 00185, Rome, Italy.
(3)Alchemical Dynamics s.r.l, 00125, Roma, Italy.
(4)Department of Sense Organs, Sapienza University of Rome, P.le A. Moro 5, 
00185, Rome, Italy.
(5)Department of Radiologic, Oncological, and Anatomical and Pathological 
Sciences, Sapienza University of Rome, P.le A. Moro 5, 00185, Rome, Italy.
(6)Department of Chemistry and Technologies of Drugs, Sapienza University of 
Rome, P.le A. Moro 5, 00185, Rome, Italy. sergio.valente@uniroma1.it.
(7)Department of Experimental Medicine, Sapienza University of Rome, P.le A. 
Moro 5, 00185, Rome, Italy. susanna.scarpa@uniroma1.it.
(8)Department of Chemistry and Technologies of Drugs, Sapienza University of 
Rome, P.le A. Moro 5, 00185, Rome, Italy. antonello.mai@uniroma1.it.

Retraction in
    Clin Epigenetics. 2023 Nov 7;15(1):179. doi: 10.1186/s13148-023-01595-6.

BACKGROUND: Glioblastoma (GBM) is the most lethal and aggressive malignant 
primary brain tumor in adults. After surgical resection of the tumor, the 
patient typically should be subjected to chemotherapy (temozolomide, TMZ) and 
concomitant radiotherapy. Since the TMZ treatment does not lead to complete 
remission and often develops resistance, the identification of efficacious 
therapeutics is strongly to pursue. Among the epigenetic players, the H3K27 
methyltransferase (MT) EZH2 (enhancer of zeste homologue 2) has been found 
overexpressed or mutated in several human cancers including gliomas, and its 
overexpression is associated with poor outcome in GBM. Two EZH2 inhibitors 
(EZH2i), UNC1999 and GSK343, suppressed GBM growth in vitro and in vivo 
indicating that EZH2i can be potential drugs against GBM.
RESULTS: Two new EZH2i, MC4040 and MC4041, were designed, prepared, and tested 
by us to determine their effects in primary GBM cell cultures. MC4040 and MC4041 
displayed single-digit micromolar inhibition of EZH2, 10-fold less potency 
against EZH1, and no activity towards other MTs. In primary GBM cells as well as 
in U-87 GBM cells, the two compounds reduced H3K27me3 levels, and dose- and 
time-dependently impaired GBM cell viability without inducing apoptosis and 
arresting the cell cycle in the G0/G1 phase, with increased p21 and p27 levels. 
In combination with TMZ, MC4040 and MC4041 displayed stronger, but not additive, 
effects on cell viability. The potent clinical candidate as EZH2i tazemetostat, 
alone or in combination with TMZ, exhibited a similar potency of inhibition of 
GBM cell growth when compared to MC4040 and MC4041. At the molecular level, 
MC4040 and MC4041 reduced the VEGFR1/VEGF expression, reversed the 
epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), and hampered cell migration and 
invasion attenuating the cancer malignant phenotype. Treatment of GBM cells with 
MC4040 and MC4041 also impaired the GBM pro-inflammatory phenotype, with a 
significant decrease of TGF-β, TNF-α, and IL-6, joined to an increase of the 
anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10.
CONCLUSIONS: The two novel EZH2i MC4040 and MC4041 impaired primary GBM cell 
viability, showing even stronger effects in combination with TMZ. They also 
weakened the aggressive malignant phenotype by reducing angiogenesis, EMT, cell 
migration/invasion and inflammation, thus they may be considered potential 
candidates against GBM also for combination therapies.

DOI: 10.1186/s13148-019-0763-5
PMCID: PMC6889222
PMID: 31791385 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


840. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2020 Jan;27(1):334-343. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-019-06934-w. Epub 2019 Nov 30.

Amelioration of thioacetamide-induced hepatic encephalopathy in rats by low-dose 
gamma irradiation.

El-Latif El-Ghazaly MA(1), Rashed ER(1), Shafey GM(2), Zaki HF(3), Attia AS(3).

Author information:
(1)Drug Radiation Research Department, National Centre for Radiation Research 
and Technology, Atomic Energy Authority, PO box 29, Nasr City, Cairo, 11787, 
Egypt.
(2)Drug Radiation Research Department, National Centre for Radiation Research 
and Technology, Atomic Energy Authority, PO box 29, Nasr City, Cairo, 11787, 
Egypt. ghada.shafey@gmail.com.
(3)Pharmacology and Toxicology Department, Faculty of Pharmacy, Cairo 
University, Cairo, Egypt.

Retraction in
    Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2024 Jul;31(33):46136. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-024-34378-4.

Brain affection is a common symptom of liver insufficiency. This study aimed to 
evaluate the role of low-dose γ irradiation (LDR) as a potential therapeutic 
agent in thioacetamide (TAA)-induced hepatic encephalopathy (HE) in rats. 
Effects of local and whole-body irradiation (0.5 Gy) on rat brain/liver were 
evaluated following the induction of HE by TAA (200 mg/kg/day/for 3 successive 
days). Serum activities of aspartate transaminase (AST) and alanine transaminase 
(ALT) and ammonia level were assessed. The effect of HE on brain was evaluated 
through the determination of brain contents of malondialdehyde (MDA), reduced 
glutathione (GSH), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), and interleukin-1beta 
(IL-1β) and glutathione peroxidase (GPx) activity. Moreover, apoptotic and 
inflammatory changes in brain and liver tissues were assessed together with 
alpha-smooth muscle actin (α-SMA); fibrosis marker. Results showed correction of 
the biochemical parameters which was supported by the results of the 
immunohistochemical examinations. LDR is a promising hepato- and neurotherapy 
against HE.

DOI: 10.1007/s11356-019-06934-w
PMID: 31786756 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


841. Clin Breast Cancer. 2020 Feb;20(1):e75-e81. doi: 10.1016/j.clbc.2019.08.006. 
Epub 2019 Sep 18.

Impact of Regional Nodal Irradiation and Hypofractionated Whole-Breast Radiation 
on Long-Term Breast Retraction and Poor Cosmetic Outcome in Breast Cancer 
Survivors.

Wang D(1), Yang X(2), He J(3), Lin J(2), Henry S(2), Brown G(2), Chu L(2), 
Godette KD(2), Kahn ST(2), Liu T(2), Torres MA(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Emory University School of Medicine, 
Atlanta, GA; Glenn Family Breast Center, Winship Cancer Institute, Emory 
University, Atlanta, GA; Xiangya School of Medicine, Central South University, 
Changsha, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Emory University School of Medicine, 
Atlanta, GA; Glenn Family Breast Center, Winship Cancer Institute, Emory 
University, Atlanta, GA.
(3)Glenn Family Breast Center, Winship Cancer Institute, Emory University, 
Atlanta, GA.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Emory University School of Medicine, 
Atlanta, GA; Glenn Family Breast Center, Winship Cancer Institute, Emory 
University, Atlanta, GA. Electronic address: matorre@emory.edu.

PURPOSE: We performed a prospective longitudinal study to determine predictors 
of long-term breast asymmetry in breast cancer patients treated with 
breast-conserving surgery and whole-breast external-beam radiotherapy (XRT).
PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 109 patients with stage 0 to III breast cancer 
treated with breast-conserving surgery followed by conventional (50 Gy plus 
boost) or hypofractionated (39.9 Gy with simultaneous integrated boost of 48 Gy) 
XRT were enrolled onto 2 studies of XRT-induced skin toxicity before (baseline), 
during, and 1 year after XRT. Using baseline and 1-year post-XRT photographs, 
breast asymmetry was objectively quantified by calculating the percentage breast 
retraction assessment (pBRA), with larger values indicating more asymmetry. Skin 
thickness ratio (STRA) values were calculated using ultrasound images. 
Univariate and multivariate analyses were conducted to determine the 
relationship among STRA-, patient-, tumor-, and treatment-related factors, and 
pBRA.
RESULTS: Seventy-one patients (65%) had more breast asymmetry (positive change 
in pBRA) 1 year after XRT relative to baseline. Only pre-XRT STRA was associated 
with a higher pre-XRT baseline pBRA in multivariate analysis (P = .02). Larger 
breast volume, baseline pBRA, conventionally fractionated (vs. hypofractionated) 
XRT, supraclavicular nodal irradiation, and higher STRA at 1 year predicted for 
higher long-term pBRA in the multivariate model (all P < .05). Breast volume and 
supraclavicular nodal irradiation were associated with the largest changes in 
breast asymmetry (all P < .05).
CONCLUSION: This prospective longitudinal study confirmed the known impact of 
breast volume, surgery, and XRT on breast asymmetry. We also found that 
supraclavicular nodal irradiation and conventionally fractionated XRT are 
associated with worse cosmetic outcome 1 year after XRT.

Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.clbc.2019.08.006
PMID: 31780378 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


842. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Med Sci Monit. 2019 Nov 26;25:8995-9002. doi: 10.12659/MSM.915463.

Inhibition of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma by Beta-Lapachone Occurs by Targeting the 
Mammalian Target of Rapamycin (mTOR)/PI3K/AKT Pathway, Reactive Oxygen Species 
(ROS) Production, and Autophagy Induction.

Han Y(1), Shi D(2), Li J(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Nanchang University, Nanchang, Jiangxi, China 
(mainland).
(2)Department of Oncology, Jiujiang First People's Hospital, Jiujiang, Jiangxi, 
China (mainland).
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Jiangxi Tumor Hospital, Nanchang, Jiangxi, China 
(mainland).

Retraction in
    Med Sci Monit. 2021 Mar 11;27:e931623. doi: 10.12659/MSM.931623.

BACKGROUND Beta-lapachone has been shown to exhibit potent anti-cancer effects 
against various cell lines. In the present study, we examined the anti-cancer 
effects of beta-lapachone, a quinone, against human HNE1 nasopharyngeal 
carcinoma cells, and also assessed its effects on cellular migration and 
invasion, autophagy, mTOR/PI3K/AKT signalling pathway, and ROS production. 
MATERIAL AND METHODS CCK-8 cell counting assay was used to assess cell viability 
effects after lapachone treatment. Its effects on the mTOR/PI3K/AKT biochemical 
pathway were examined by Western blot analysis. Transmission electron microscopy 
was used to study autophagy induced by beta-lapachone. Effects on cell invasion 
and cell migration were evaluated by Transwell method. RESULTS The results 
revealed that beta-lapachone suppresses the proliferation of HNE1 cells, with an 
IC₅₀ of 30 µM. These growth-inhibitory effects of beta-lapachone were found to 
be dose-dependent. The investigation of the effects of beta-lapachone on the 
mTOR/PI3KAKT signalling pathway showed that beta-lapachone blocked this pathway 
in a concentration-dependent manner. Beta-lapachone also inhibited the migration 
and invasion of HNE1 nasopharyngeal cancer cells, as shown by Transwell assay. 
The fluorescence microscopy analysis showed that beta-lapachone increased 
production of reactive oxygen species (ROS), which is also linked with a 
concentration-dependent decrease in mitochondrial membrane potential (MMP) 
levels. Electron microscopy analysis showed that beta-lapachone caused the 
development of the autophagosomes, and the frequency of the autophagosomes 
increased with increased dosage of beta-lapachone. The beta-lapachone-triggered 
autophagy was also associated with increased protein levels of LC3 II and 
decreased levels of p62. CONCLUSIONS The findings of this study suggest that 
beta-lapachone inhibits the growth of nasopharyngeal cancer cells by promoting 
autophagy, and it may be useful in cancer drug discovery paradigms.

DOI: 10.12659/MSM.915463
PMCID: PMC6896749
PMID: 31770363 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest None.


843. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Cycle. 2020 Jan;19(1):53-66. doi: 10.1080/15384101.2019.1692176. Epub 2019 
Nov 24.

LncRNA MINCR regulates irradiation resistance in nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells 
via the microRNA-223/ZEB1 axis.

Zhong Q(1), Chen Y(2), Chen Z(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, First Hospital of Quanzhou Affiliated to 
Fujian Medical University, Quanzhou, Fujian, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Pathology, First Hospital of Quanzhou Affiliated to Fujian 
Medical University, Quanzhou, Fujian, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Cell Cycle. 2022 Apr;21(8):875. doi: 10.1080/15384101.2022.2046812.

Emerging evidence suggests long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) could sponge microRNAs 
(miRs) and monitor gene expression. In this study, we intended to search the 
network involving lncRNA MINCR/miR-223/ZEB1 in nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) 
cell radiosensitivity. MINCR expression in NPC tissues, precancerous lesions and 
chronic nasopharyngeal mucosal inflammation tissues, and in NP460, CNE2 and 
CNE2R cells was detected. The associations between MINCR expression and 
prognosis and radiotherapy efficacy of NPC patients were evaluated. The 
interactions among MINCR, miR-223 and ZEB1 were verified via dual luciferase 
reporter gene assay, RNA pull-down and FISH assays. The gain- and 
loss-of-functions were performed to explore their effects on NPC cell viability, 
apoptosis and radiosensitivity. Levels of MINCR, miR-223, ZEB1, and 
AKT/PI3K-related proteins were detected after different treatments. An in vivo 
analysis was carried out in nude mice. Consequently, MINCR was upregulated in 
NPC, and linked with worse prognosis and radiotherapy efficacy. MINCR 
intervention weakened NPC cell radioresistance. MINCR sponged miR-223 to 
regulate ZEB1. Inactivating AKT eliminated the increased radioresistance of CNE2 
cells induced by overexpressing MINCR. Briefly, MINCR diminished NPC cell 
radiosensitivity by sponging miR-223, increasing ZEB1 and activating the 
AKT/PI3K axis. This study may offer novel insight for NPC treatment.

DOI: 10.1080/15384101.2019.1692176
PMCID: PMC6927709
PMID: 31760895 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


844. Indian J Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg. 2019 Nov;71(Suppl 2):1621-1625. doi: 
10.1007/s12070-019-01698-8. Epub 2019 Jun 27.

Incidence of Otitis Media with Effusion in Cases of Head and Neck Malignancies 
Undergoing Radiotherapy: A Prospective Observational Study.

Gupta V(1), Dwivedi G(1), Sahoo L(1), Singh S(2), Patnaik U(1), Kumar M(1), Sood 
A(1).

Author information:
(1)1Department of ENT-HNS, Command Hospital, Armed Forces Medical College, 
Wanowrie, Pune, Maharashtra 411040 India.
(2)2Department of Radiation Oncology, Command Hospital, Lucknow, India.

This study was done to evaluate the incidence of otitis media with effusion 
(OME) in cases of head and neck malignancies who undergo irradiation, excluding 
nasopharyngeal malignancies. This prospective observational study was done at a 
tertiary care hospital. Adult patients of head and neck malignancies treated 
with radiotherapy (RT) with or without concurrent chemotherapy as definitive or 
adjuvant therapy from September 2017 to August 2018 were included. Cases of 
nasopharyngeal malignancies and cases of malignancies of other sites extending 
to nasopharynx causing mechanical obstruction to ET were excluded. The otoscopy, 
tympanometry and pure tone audiometry findings of these patients were recorded 
pre RT, immediately after completion of RT and at 6 months post RT. The pre and 
post RT data were analysed to determine the incidence of OME. 39.3% of ears had 
retracted tympanic membrane (TM) and 7.1% had air-fluid levels in middle ear at 
first follow up (FFU). At second follow up (SFU), 13% of ears continued to have 
retracted TM while none had air-fluid levels. At FFU, 23.2% of ears had 'B' 
curve on tympanometry, indicative of OME while 19.6% of ears had 'C' curve, 
indicative of Eustachian tube (ET) dysfunction. At SFU, 1.8% had B curve while 
14.3% had C curve, indicating improvement in ET function as compared to that at 
FFU. There is a considerable percentage of non-nasopharyngeal head and neck 
malignancy cases who develop OME post RT, however, in most of them it resolves 
spontaneously.

© Association of Otolaryngologists of India 2019.

DOI: 10.1007/s12070-019-01698-8
PMCID: PMC6841853
PMID: 31750227

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interestThe authors declare that 
they have no conflict of interest.


845. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncol Rep. 2020 Jan;43(1):121-132. doi: 10.3892/or.2019.7396. Epub 2019 Oct 31.

Progesterone induces cell apoptosis via the CACNA2D3/Ca2+/p38 MAPK pathway in 
endometrial cancer.

Kong X(#)(1), Li M(#)(2), Shao K(1), Yang Y(1), Wang Q(1), Cai M(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Clinical Laboratory, Qilu Hospital of Shandong University, 
Jinan, Shandong 250012, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Gynecology, Qilu Hospital of Shandong University, Jinan, 
Shandong 250012, P.R. China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Oncol Rep. 2024 Sep;52(3):118. doi: 10.3892/or.2024.8777.

Endometrial cancer (EC) is one of the most common malignant gynecological tumors 
in women. The main treatments for EC (surgery, chemotherapy and radiation 
therapy) produce significant side effects. Thus, it is urgent to identify 
promising therapeutic targets and prognostic markers. CACNA2D3, as a member of 
the calcium channel regulatory α2δ subunit family, is reported to exert a tumor 
suppressive effect in numerous cancers. However, the function of CACNA2D3 in EC 
is not well known. In the present study, CACNA2D3 was lowly expressed in EC 
tissues and cells. The overexpression of CACNA2D3 via lentiviral particle 
injection significantly blocked the tumor growth in an in vivo xenograft model. 
In vitro, the overexpression of CACNA2D3 markedly inhibited cell proliferation 
and migration, and promoted cell apoptosis and calcium influx. These data 
revealed that CACNA2D3 functions as a tumor suppressor in EC. It was also 
revealed that the addition of progesterone (P4) blocked tumor growth in 
Ishikawa‑injected nude mice. P4 induced the expression of CACNA2D3 in vivo and 
in vitro, and the silencing of CACNA2D3 affected P4‑inhibited cell proliferation 
and P4‑induced cell apoptosis and calcium influx. In Ishikawa cells, P4 enhanced 
the expression of phosphorylated (p)‑p38 MAPK and PTEN, but blocked the levels 
of p‑PI3K and p‑AKT. The knockdown of CACNA2D3 blocked the function of P4. These 
data revealed that P4 promoted cell apoptosis via the activation of the 
CACNA2D3/Ca2+/p38 MAPK pathway, and blocked cell proliferation via suppression 
of the PI3K/AKT pathway. Collectively, these findings indicated the antitumor 
role of CACNA2D3 in EC, and revealed the mechanism of P4 inhibition of EC 
progression, which provided a new target for EC therapy and new evidence for P4 
in EC therapy.

DOI: 10.3892/or.2019.7396
PMCID: PMC6908942
PMID: 31746409 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


846. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Int J Mol Med. 2020 Jan;45(1):33-44. doi: 10.3892/ijmm.2019.4396. Epub 2019 Nov 
4.

MicroRNA‑718 serves a tumor‑suppressive role in non‑small cell lung cancer by 
directly targeting CCNB1.

Wang S(1), Sun H(2), Zhan X(2), Wang Q(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, The Second Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, Jilin 130041, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Thoracic Oncosurgery, Jilin Province Tumor Hospital, Changchun, 
Jilin 130012, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Int J Mol Med. 2021 Sep;48(3):180. doi: 10.3892/ijmm.2021.5013.

MicroRNA‑718 (miR‑718) serves crucial roles in tumorigenesis and in the 
progression of a number of cancers. However, the expression profile, specific 
functions and mechanisms of action of miR‑718 in non‑small cell lung cancer 
(NSCLC) are still elusive. The aims of the present study were to quantify the 
expression of miR‑718, determine its biological roles and elucidate the 
molecular mechanisms responsible for its activities in NSCLC cells. Reverse 
transcription‑quantitative PCR was carried out to assess miR‑718 expression in 
NSCLC tissue samples and cell lines. The Cell Counting Kit‑8 assay, flow 
cytometry, cell migration and invasion assays, and a tumor xenograft experiment 
were performed to evaluate the effects of miR‑718 overexpression on the 
malignant biological behaviors of NSCLC cells. miR‑718 expression was 
demonstrated to be significantly decreased in NSCLC tissue samples and cell 
lines. This reduced expression was significantly associated with tumor, node, 
metastasis stage, tumor size, lymph node metastasis and poor overall survival 
among patients with NSCLC. Exogenous miR‑718 expression suppressed NSCLC cell 
proliferation, migration and invasion, and promoted apoptosis in vitro; whereas 
it hindered tumor growth in vivo. Experiments to elucidate the mechanisms 
involved revealed that miR‑718 functions by directly targeting cyclin B1 (CCNB1) 
mRNA. CCNB1 expression was found to be upregulated in NSCLC and inversely 
correlated with miR‑718 levels. CCNB1 depletion had effects similar to those of 
miR‑718 overexpression in NSCLC cells. Furthermore, restoration of CCNB1 
expression attenuated the tumor‑suppressive effects of miR‑718 overexpression in 
NSCLC cells. These results indicated that miR‑718 suppressed NSCLC progression 
in vitro and in vivo by directly targeting CCNB1 mRNA, which may indicate a 
potential target for the diagnosis and treatment of this fatal disease.

DOI: 10.3892/ijmm.2019.4396
PMCID: PMC6889928
PMID: 31746372 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


847. Case Rep Oncol Med. 2019 Oct 15;2019:1763625. doi: 10.1155/2019/1763625. 
eCollection 2019.

A Histologically Complete Response to Immunotherapy Using Pembrolizumab in a 
Patient with Giant Cell Carcinoma of the Lung: An Additional Report and 
Literature Review.

Kakimoto T(1), Sasaki M(1), Yamamoto T(2), Iwamaru A(2), Ogata K(3), Lee K(1), 
Nakayama S(1), Minematsu N(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Internal Medicine Hino Municipal Hospital, Hino-shi, Tokyo, 
Japan.
(2)Department of Surgery, Federation of National Public Service Personnel Mutual 
Aid Associations, Tachikawa Hospital, Tachikawa-shi, Tokyo, Japan.
(3)Department of Pathology, Federation of National Public Service Personnel 
Mutual Aid Associations, Tachikawa Hospital, Tachikawa-shi, Tokyo, Japan.

We previously reported a case of giant cell carcinoma in the lung, in which the 
use of antiprogrammed death 1 (PD-1) immunotherapy resulted in substantial tumor 
reduction. In the present study, we describe an additional clinical course. A 
69-year-old woman was diagnosed with giant cell carcinoma of the lung in 
clinical stage IVB (T2bN0M1c, BRA). The tumor expressed programmed death ligand 
1 (PD-L1) in a high proportion. The patient received stereotactic radiotherapy 
for two sites of small brain metastases, followed by immunotherapy using 
anti-PD-1 antibodies (pembrolizumab). The treatment exerted a substantial tumor 
reduction through four cycles. However, treatment was withdrawn due to renal 
dysfunction. The primary lung tumor continued to regress for an additional four 
months without any further therapy, resulting in a clinical stage of T1aN0M0. 
Salvage thoracic surgery was then performed to remove the tumor residue in the 
lung. Microscopic examination of the sample revealed no residual cancer. The 
patient was free from recurrence at 16 months post surgery. We then 
comprehensively reviewed lung sarcomatoid carcinoma cases in the literature, in 
which anti-PD-1 antibodies were implemented. The current literature and our own 
findings suggest sarcomatoid carcinomas express high levels of tumoral PD-L1 and 
can be effectively treated with anti-PD-1 antibodies.

Copyright © 2019 Tomoo Kakimoto et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2019/1763625
PMCID: PMC6815550
PMID: 31737389

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest 
regarding the publication of this paper.


848. World Neurosurg. 2020 Mar;135:2-6. doi: 10.1016/j.wneu.2019.10.136. Epub 2019 
Nov 14.

Ruptured Distal Superior Cerebellar Artery Aneurysm After Gamma Knife 
Radiosurgery for Trigeminal Neuralgia: A Case Report and Review of the 
Literature.

Dominguez L(1), Saway B(2), Benko MJ(2), Guilliams E(2), Marvin EA(2), Entwistle 
JJ(2).

Author information:
(1)Mayo Clinic School of Graduate Medical Education, Jacksonville, Florida, USA. 
Electronic address: Lisette.Dominguez.DO@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Surgery, Division of Neurosurgery, Virginia Tech Carilion 
School of Medicine and Fralin Biomedical Research Institute, Roanoke, Virginia, 
USA.

BACKGROUND: Intracranial aneurysm formation after Gamma Knife radiosurgery 
(GKRS) is a rare complication that has only recently been reported in the 
literature. We report the case of a fatal distal superior cerebellar artery 
(SCA) aneurysm rupture in a woman treated twice with GKRS for trigeminal 
neuralgia along with a review of the literature regarding radiation-induced 
aneurysms.
CASE DESCRIPTION: A 77-year-old white woman with a history of refractory 
right-sided trigeminal neuralgia treated with GKRS in 2001, and again in 2006 
after a relapse, presented to our emergency department with complaints of a 
sudden-onset severe headache associated with vomiting, right eye vision loss, 
left-sided facial droop, and left-sided weakness with no history of hypertension 
or smoking prior to presentation. Initial head computed tomography scan without 
contrast demonstrated an intraparenchymal hemorrhage centered in the right 
middle cerebellar peduncle with subarachnoid hemorrhage in the basal cisterns 
and extension into the fourth ventricle causing early hydrocephalus. Head 
computed tomography angiography (CTA) demonstrated a distal right SCA aneurysm 
adjacent to the hemorrhage. The patient's mental status deteriorated into coma 
after suspected rerupture during the CTA requiring immediate intubation, 
external ventricular drain placement, and emergent cerebral angiogram with coil 
embolization. Ultimately, the patient never recovered despite medical and 
surgical management; therefore, care was withdrawn in accordance with her known 
wishes.
CONCLUSIONS: The pathophysiologic association of aneurysm formation after GKRS 
remains to be elucidated, but given the potentially fatal consequences of 
aneurysm rupture, we advocate for further research and propose serial vascular 
imaging during the postradiosurgery follow-up period for iatrogenic aneurysm 
formation surveillance.

Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.wneu.2019.10.136
PMID: 31734428 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


849. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Free Radic Biol Med. 2020 Jan;146:287-298. doi: 
10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2019.11.012. Epub 2019 Nov 9.

Inhibition of CaMKII in mitochondria preserves endothelial barrier function 
after irradiation.

Roy SJ(1), Koval OM(1), Sebag SC(1), Ait-Aissa K(1), Allen BG(2), Spitz DR(2), 
Grumbach IM(3).

Author information:
(1)Abboud Cardiovascular Research Center, Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, 
Department of Internal Medicine, 169 Newton Rd, 4336 PBDB, University of Iowa, 
Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA.
(2)Free Radical and Radiation Biology Program, Department of Radiation Oncology, 
Holden Comprehensive Cancer Center, B180 Medical Laboratories, University of 
Iowa, Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA.
(3)Abboud Cardiovascular Research Center, Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, 
Department of Internal Medicine, 169 Newton Rd, 4336 PBDB, University of Iowa, 
Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA; Free Radical and Radiation Biology Program, 
Department of Radiation Oncology, Holden Comprehensive Cancer Center, B180 
Medical Laboratories, University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA, 52242, USA; Veterans 
Affairs Health Care System, 601 Hwy 6 West Iowa City, IA, 52246, USA. Electronic 
address: isabella-grumbach@uiowa.edu.

Erratum in
    Free Radic Biol Med. 2021 Nov 20;176:118-119. doi: 
10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2021.09.011.

Retraction in
    Free Radic Biol Med. 2022 Jul;187:204. doi: 
10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2022.05.021.

Damage to the microvascular endothelium is an important part of normal tissue 
injury after radiation exposure and driven by the production of pro-oxidants. 
The Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II is present in the mitochondrial 
matrix (mitoCaMKII) where it regulates Ca2+ uptake via the mitochondrial Ca2+ 
uniporter (MCU) and pro-oxidant production. Here, we demonstrate that radiation 
exposure disrupts endothelial cell barrier integrity in vitro, but can be 
abrogated by inhibition of mitoCaMKII, MCU, or opening of the mitochondrial 
transition pore. Scavenging of mitochondrial pro-oxidants with mitoTEMPO before, 
but not after irradiation, protected barrier function. Furthermore, markers of 
apoptosis and mitochondrial pro-oxidant production were elevated at 24 h 
following irradiation and abolished by mitoCaMKII inhibition. Endothelial 
barrier dysfunction was detected as early as 2 h after irradiation. Despite only 
mildly impaired mitochondrial respiration, the intracellular ATP levels were 
significantly reduced 4 h after irradiation and correlated with barrier 
function. MitoCaMKII inhibition improved intracellular ATP concentrations by 
increasing glycolysis. Finally, DNA double strand break repair and 
non-homologous end joining, two major drivers of ATP consumption after 
irradiation, were greatly increased but not significantly affected by mitoCaMKII 
inhibition. These findings support the hypothesis that mitoCaMKII activity is 
linked to mitochondrial pro-oxidant production, reduced ATP production, and loss 
of endothelial barrier function following irradiation. The inhibition of 
mitoCaMKII is a promising approach to limiting radiation-induced endothelial 
injury.

Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2019.11.012
PMCID: PMC7274136
PMID: 31711984 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosures One author is a named inventor on 
awarded patents related to targeting CaMKII inhibitors to mitochondria (OMK). 
All other authors have declared that no conflict of interest exists.


850. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biosci Rep. 2019 Dec 20;39(12):BSR20192414. doi: 10.1042/BSR20192414.

Endoplasmic reticulum Ca2+ release causes Rieske iron-sulfur protein-mediated 
mitochondrial ROS generation in pulmonary artery smooth muscle cells.

Dong D(1), Hao Q(2)(3), Zhang P(4), Wang T(5), Han F(6)(7), Liang X(8), Fei 
Z(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine, The First Affiliated 
Hospital of Wenzhou Medical University, Wenzhou 325000, China.
(2)Division of Cancer Research and Training, Department of Internal Medicine, 
Charles Drew University of Medicine and Science, Los Angeles, CA 90059, U.S.A.
(3)David Geffen UCLA School of Medicine and UCLA Jonsson Comprehensive Cancer 
Center, Los Angeles, CA 90095, U.S.A.
(4)Radiation and Medical Oncology Department, The 1st Affiliated Hospital of 
Wenzhou Medical University, Wenzhou 325000, China.
(5)The Key Laboratory of Urinary Tract Tumors and Calculi, Department of Urology 
Surgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xiamen University, Xiamen 361003, 
China.
(6)Division of Radiological Sciences, Washington University School of Medicine 
in Saint Louis, MO 63110, U.S.A.
(7)Department of Pathology, Tongji Hospital, Tongji University School of 
Medicine, Shanghai 200065, China.
(8)Department of Pathology, Yancheng Hospital Affiliated Southeast University, 
Yancheng, Jiangsu 224000, China.

Retraction in
    Biosci Rep. 2020 Apr 30;40(4):BSR-20192414_RET. doi: 
10.1042/BSR-20192414_RET.

Mitochondrial reactive oxygen species (ROS) cause Ca2+ release from the 
endoplasmic reticulum (ER) via ryanodine receptors (RyRs) in pulmonary artery 
smooth muscle cells (PASMCs), playing an essential role in hypoxic pulmonary 
vasoconstriction (HPV). Here we tested a novel hypothesis that hypoxia-induced 
RyR-mediated Ca2+ release may, in turn, promote mitochondrial ROS generation 
contributing to hypoxic cellular responses in PASMCs. Our data reveal that 
application of caffeine to elevate intracellular Ca2+ concentration ([Ca2+]i) by 
activating RyRs results in a significant increase in ROS production in cytosol 
and mitochondria of PASMCs. Norepinephrine to increase [Ca2+]i due to the 
opening of inositol 1,4,5-triphosphate receptors (IP3Rs) produces similar 
effects. Exogenous Ca2+ significantly increases mitochondrial-derived ROS 
generation as well. Ru360 also inhibits the hypoxic ROS production. The RyR 
antagonist tetracaine or RyR2 gene knockout (KO) suppresses hypoxia-induced 
responses as well. Inhibition of mitochondrial Ca2+ uptake with Ru360 eliminates 
N- and Ca2+-induced responses. RISP KD abolishes the hypoxia-induced ROS 
production in mitochondria of PASMCs. Rieske iron-sulfur protein (RISP) gene 
knockdown (KD) blocks caffeine- or NE-induced ROS production. Taken together, 
these findings have further demonstrated that ER Ca2+ release causes 
mitochondrial Ca2+ uptake and RISP-mediated ROS production; this novel local 
ER/mitochondrion communication-elicited, Ca2+-mediated, RISP-dependent ROS 
production may play a significant role in hypoxic cellular responses in PASMCs.

© 2019 The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1042/BSR20192414
PMCID: PMC6893167
PMID: 31710081 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no competing 
interests associated with the manuscript.


851. Oral Oncol. 2019 Nov 7:104442. doi: 10.1016/j.oraloncology.2019.104442. Online 
ahead of print.

WITHDRAWN: Radiation induced hypothyroidism - Why is early intervention 
necessary?

Aggarwal K(1), Thakur S(2), Shetty SS(3), Rao V(4).

Author information:
(1)Head and Neck Surgical Oncology Department, Health Care Global Enterprises 
Ltd, Banglore 560027, #8 Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Ram Nagar, India.
(2)Head and Neck Surgical Oncology Department, Health Care Global Enterprises 
Ltd, Banglore 560027, #8 Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Ram Nagar, India. Electronic 
address: drshalini.t@hcgoncology.com.
(3)Head and Neck Surgical Oncology Department, Health Care Global Enterprises 
Ltd, Banglore 560027, #8 Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Ram Nagar, India; Reader, 
Manipal College of Dental Sciences, Mangalore 575001, Light House Road Manipal 
Academy of Higher Education, A Constitute of Male India, India. Electronic 
address: sameep.shetty@manipal.edu.
(4)Head and Neck Surgical Oncology Department, Health Care Global Enterprises 
Ltd, Banglore 560027, #8 Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Ram Nagar, India. Electronic 
address: drvishal.rao@hcgoncology.com.

DOI: 10.1016/j.oraloncology.2019.104442
PMID: 31708265


852. Med Phys. 2020 Feb;47(2):317-330. doi: 10.1002/mp.13902. Epub 2019 Dec 29.

Characterization of positional accuracy of a double-focused and double-stack 
multileaf collimator on an MR-guided radiotherapy (MRgRT) Linac using an 
IC-profiler array.

Mittauer KE(1)(2), Yadav P(2), Paliwal B(2), Bayouth JE(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Miami Cancer Institute, Baptist Health 
South Florida, Miami, FL, USA.
(2)Department of Human Oncology, School of Medicine and Public Health, 
University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI, USA.

PURPOSE: With advance magnetic resonance (MR)-guided online adaptive 
radiotherapy (MRgoART) relying on calculation-based intensity-modulated 
radiation therapy (IMRT) quality assurance (QA), accurate and sensitive QA of 
the multileaf collimator (MLC) becomes an increasingly essential component for 
routine machine QA. As such, it is important to assure compliance with the AAPM 
TG142 guidelines to supplement calculation-based QA methods for an online 
adaptive radiotherapy program. We have developed and implemented an efficient 
and highly sensitive QA procedure using an ionization chamber profiler (ICP) 
array to enable real-time characterization of the positional accuracy of a 
double-focused and double-stacked MLC on a clinical MR-guided radiotherapy 
(MRgRT) system and to supplement calculation-based QA for an MRgoART program.
METHODS: An in-house MR-compatible jig was used to position the ICP (detector 
resolution 5 mm on X/Y axis) at an extended SDD of 108.4 cm to enable each MLC 
leaf (8.3 mm leaf width at isocenter) to be uniquely determined by two 
neighboring ion chambers. The MRgRT linac system utilizes a novel jawless, 
double-focused, and double-stacked MLC design such that the upper bank (MLC1) 
and lower bank (MLC2) are offset by half a leaf width. Positional accuracy was 
characterized by three methods: single bank half-beam block (HBB) at central 
axis, forward slash diagonal (FSD), and backslash diagonal (BSD) at off-axis. 
Measurements were performed for each bank in which each leaf occludes half of a 
detector. A corresponding reference field with the MLC retracted from occlusion 
was measured. The sensitivities of HBB, FSD, and BSD were evaluated by 
introducing 0.5-2.5 mm of known errors in 0.5 mm increments, in both positive 
and negative directions. The relationship between detector response and MLC 
error was established. Over a 6-month longitudinal assessment, we have evaluated 
MLC performance with weekly QA of HBB among cardinal angles, and monthly QA of 
FSD and BSD.
RESULTS: A strong correlation was found between detector response of percentage 
dose difference and MLC positional error introduced (N = 350 introduced errors) 
for both HBB and FSD/BSD with coefficient of determination of 0.999 and 0.977, 
respectively. The relationship between detector response to MLC positional 
change was found to be 20.65%/mm for HBB and 11.14%/mm for FSD and BSD. At 
baseline, the mean MLC positional accuracy averaged across all leaves was 
0.06 ± 0.27 mm (HBB), 0.04 ± 0.52 mm (FSD), -0.06 ± 0.51 mm (BSD). The mean MLC 
positional accuracy relative to baseline over the 6-month assessment was found 
to be highly reproducible at 0.00 ± 0.12 mm (HBB; N = 28 weeks), -0.02 ± 0.19 mm 
(FSD; N = 6 months), -0.03 ± 0.19 mm (BSD; N = 6 months).
CONCLUSIONS: Positional accuracy of a novel jawless, double-focused, 
double-stacked MLC has been characterized and monitored over 6 months with an 
efficient, highly sensitive, and robust method using an ICP array. This routine 
QA method supplements calculation-based IMRT QA for an online adaptive 
radiotherapy program. Longitudinal assessment demonstrated no-drift in the MLC 
calibration. A highly reproducible jig setup allowed the validation of MLC 
positional accuracy to be within TG142 criteria of ±1 mm for 99% of measurements 
(i.e., 100% HBB, 95% BSD, 95% FSD) over the 6-month assessment.

© 2019 American Association of Physicists in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1002/mp.13902
PMID: 31682018 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


853. Adv Radiat Oncol. 2019 Jul 16;4(4):668-673. doi: 10.1016/j.adro.2019.07.007. 
eCollection 2019 Oct-Dec.

A Phase I/II Trial of Fairly Brief Androgen Suppression and Stereotactic 
Radiation Therapy for High-Risk Prostate Cancer (FASTR-2): Preliminary Results 
and Toxicity Analysis.

Callan L(1), Bauman G(1), Chen J(1), Lock M(1), Sexton T(1), D'Souza D(1), 
Rodrigues G(1).

Author information:
(1)Division of Radiation Oncology, Department of Oncology, London Health 
Sciences Centre and Western University, London, Ontario, Canada.

PURPOSE: FASTR was designed to provide a compact treatment course for high-risk 
prostate cancer patients but was discontinued because of excess toxicity. We 
present the results of FASTR-2, which used a lower dose to the prostate (35 Gy 
vs 40 Gy), smaller posterior PTV margin (4 mm vs 5 mm) and omitted nodal 
radiation to lower the volumes of rectum receiving high and intermediate doses 
compared with FASTR. Gastrointestinal (GI) and genitourinary (GU) toxicities at 
baseline, 6 weeks, 6 months, and 1 year and biochemical control rates are 
presented.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: Eligibility included high-risk prostate cancer (cT3/4, 
prostate-specific antigen >20 or Gleason Score ≥8), age ≥70 or refused standard 
treatment, and no evidence of metastatic disease. Patients received 18 months of 
androgen deprivation therapy starting 2 months before radiation. Clinical target 
volume was defined as prostate plus proximal 1-cm seminal vesicles. PTV was a 
nonuniform expansion around clinical target volume (4 mm posteriorly, 5 mm in 
all other directions). Volumetric arc therapy was used for treatment delivery 
(35 Gy delivered in 5 weekly fractions of 7 Gy each), and cone beam computed 
tomography with soft tissue matching (no fiducial placement) was used for daily 
image guidance. Toxicity was assessed at 6 weeks, 6 months, and 1 year according 
to Common Toxicity Criteria.
RESULTS: In the study, 30 patients were enrolled in FASTR-2 between 2015 and 
2017. Two patients were withdrawn owing to ineligibility after enrollment. One 
patient (3.7%) reported grade 2 GI toxicity at 6 weeks. There was no reported 
grade ≥2 GI toxicity at 6 months or 1 year. There were no reported episodes of 
rectal bleeding. Four patients (14.8%), 5 patients (17.9%), and 5 patients 
(21.7%) reported grade 2 GU toxicity at 6 weeks, 6 months, and 1 year, 
respectively. There were no reported cases of grade ≥3 GU toxicity. The most 
common toxicities were nocturia and urinary frequency or urgency.
CONCLUSIONS: FASTR-2 was more tolerable than FASTR, with no grade ≥3 toxicities 
reported, in keeping with expectations based on our previous FASTR analysis. 
Long-term follow-up is necessary to ensure disease control and toxicity outcomes 
are comparable to conventional high-risk treatment paradigms.

© 2019 The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1016/j.adro.2019.07.007
PMCID: PMC6817718
PMID: 31681864


854. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Rep. 2019 Nov 1;9(1):15844. doi: 10.1038/s41598-019-50538-w.

Selective Priming of Tumor Blood Vessels by Radiation Therapy Enhances Nanodrug 
Delivery.

Kunjachan S(1), Kotb S(2)(3), Pola R(4), Pechar M(4), Kumar R(2)(5), Singh B(5), 
Gremse F(6), Taleeli R(7), Trichard F(3), Motto-Ros V(3), Sancey L(8), Detappe 
A(2), Yasmin-Karim S(2), Protti A(9), Shanmugam I(5), Ireland T(10), Etrych 
T(4), Sridhar S(2)(5), Tillement O(3), Makrigiorgos M(2), Berbeco RI(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Dana-Farber 
Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, United States. 
sijumon@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Dana-Farber 
Cancer Institute and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, United States.
(3)Institut Lumière Matière, UMR 5306, Université Claude Bernard Lyon 1, CNRS, 
Villeurbanne, France.
(4)Institute of Macromolecular Chemistry, Academy of Sciences of the Czech 
Republic, Heyrovsky Square 2, 16206, Prague 6, Czech Republic.
(5)Nanomedicine Science and Technology Center and Department of Physics, 
Northeastern University, Boston, MA, United States.
(6)Experimental Molecular Imaging, University Hospital and Helmholtz Institute 
for Biomedical Engineering, RWTH Aachen University, Aachen, Germany.
(7)Division of Medical Physics & Engineering, University of Texas Southwestern 
Medical Center, Texas, United States.
(8)Institute for Advanced Biosciences, UGA/INSERM U1209/CNRS UMR 5309 Joint 
Research Center, Grenoble, France.
(9)Lurie Family Imaging Center, Department of Radiology, Dana-Farber Cancer 
Institute and Harvard Medical School, Boston, MA, United States.
(10)LA-ICP-MS and ICP-ES Laboratories, Department of Earth and Environmental 
Sciences, Boston University, Boston, MA, United States.

Erratum in
    Sci Rep. 2020 Sep 15;10(1):15344. doi: 10.1038/s41598-020-72253-7.

Retraction in
    Sci Rep. 2022 Aug 2;12(1):13216. doi: 10.1038/s41598-022-17483-7.

Effective drug delivery is restricted by pathophysiological barriers in solid 
tumors. In human pancreatic adenocarcinoma, poorly-permeable blood vessels limit 
the intratumoral permeation and penetration of chemo or nanotherapeutic drugs. 
New and clinically viable strategies are urgently sought to breach the 
neoplastic barriers that prevent effective drug delivery. Here, we present an 
original idea to boost drug delivery by selectively knocking down the tumor 
vascular barrier in a human pancreatic cancer model. Clinical radiation 
activates the tumor endothelial-targeted gold nanoparticles to induce a physical 
vascular damage due to the high photoelectric interactions. Active modulation of 
these tumor neovessels lead to distinct changes in tumor vascular permeability. 
Noninvasive MRI and fluorescence studies, using a short-circulating nanocarrier 
with MR-sensitive gadolinium and a long-circulating nanocarrier with 
fluorescence-sensitive nearinfrared dye, demonstrate more than two-fold increase 
in nanodrug delivery, post tumor vascular modulation. Functional changes in 
altered tumor blood vessels and its downstream parameters, particularly, changes 
in Ktrans (permeability), Kep (flux rate), and Ve (extracellular interstitial 
volume), reflect changes that relate to augmented drug delivery. The proposed 
dual-targeted therapy effectively invades the tumor vascular barrier and improve 
nanodrug delivery in a human pancreatic tumor model and it may also be applied 
to other nonresectable, intransigent tumors that barely respond to standard drug 
therapies.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-019-50538-w
PMCID: PMC6825216
PMID: 31676822 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


855. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Ther Adv Med Oncol. 2019 Oct 13;11:1758835919878347. doi: 
10.1177/1758835919878347. eCollection 2019.

The effect of CELLFOOD(TM) on radiotherapy or combined chemoradiotherapy: 
preclinical evidence.

Nuvoli B(1), Amadio B(2), Cortese G(2), Benedetti S(3), Antoniani B(4), Soriani 
A(5), Carosi M(4), Strigari L(5), Galati R(6).

Author information:
(1)Preclinical Models and New Therapeutic Agent Unit, IRCCS Regina Elena 
National Cancer Institute, Rome, Italy.
(2)SAFU Unit, IRCCS Regina Elena National Cancer Institute, Rome, Italy.
(3)Department of Biomolecular Sciences, University of Urbino 'Carlo Bo', Urbino, 
Italy.
(4)Anatomy Pathology Unit, IRCCS Regina Elena National Cancer Institute, Rome, 
Italy.
(5)Laboratory of Medical Physics and Expert Systems, IRCCS Regina Elena National 
Cancer Institute, Rome, Italy.
(6)Preclinical Models and New Therapeutic Agent Unit, IRCCS Regina Elena 
National Cancer Institute, Via Chianesi, Rome 00144, Italy.

Retraction in
    Ther Adv Med Oncol. 2021 Jun 24;13:17588359211029757. doi: 
10.1177/17588359211029757.

BACKGROUND: Based on previous observations that the nutraceutical CELLFOOD™ 
(CF), the 'physiological modulator' that aimed to make oxygen available 'on 
demand', inhibits the growth of cancer cells, this study was designed to 
investigate the role of CF in the regulation of hypoxia-inducible factor 1 alpha 
(HIF1α) and its correlated proteins, phosphoglycerate kinase 1 and vascular 
endothelial growth factor. Our idea was that CF, acting on HIF1α, in combination 
with current anticancer therapies could improve their effectiveness.
METHODS: To evaluate the effect of CF in association with radiotherapy and 
chemotherapy, different human cancer cell lines and mice with mesothelioma were 
analysed by tumour growth, clonogenic assay, western blot and 
immunohistochemical analysis.
RESULTS: CF in combination with radiation with or without cisplatin increases 
the death rate of cancer cells. In vivo, 70% of mice treated with CF before the 
mesothelioma graft did not show any tumour growth, indicating a possible 
preventive effect of CF. Moreover, in mouse mesothelioma xenografts, CF improves 
the effect of radiotherapy also in combination with chemotherapy treatment. 
Immunohistochemical analysis of tumour explants showed that HIF1α expression was 
reduced by the combination of CF and radiotherapy treatment and even more by the 
combination of CF and radiotherapy and chemotherapy treatment. Mechanistically, 
CF increases the fraction of oxygenated cells, making the radiotherapy more 
effective with a greater production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) that in 
turn, reduce the HIF1α expression. This effect is amplified by further increase 
in ROS from chemotherapy.
CONCLUSIONS: Collectively, results from preclinical trials suggest that CF could 
be a useful intervention to improve the efficacy of radiotherapy or combined 
treatment strategies and could be a promising treatment modality to counteract 
cancer.

© The Author(s), 2019.

DOI: 10.1177/1758835919878347
PMCID: PMC6792276
PMID: 31662796

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest statement: The authors 
declare that there is no conflict of interest.


856. Med Phys. 2020 Jan;47(1):223-233. doi: 10.1002/mp.13883. Epub 2019 Nov 13.

Benchmarking a GATE/Geant4 Monte Carlo model for proton beams in magnetic 
fields.

Padilla-Cabal F(1)(2), Alejandro Fragoso J(3), Franz Resch A(1)(2), Georg 
D(1)(2), Fuchs H(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Medical University of Vienna/AKH, Vienna, 
Austria.
(2)Christian Doppler Laboratory for Medical Radiation Research for Radiation 
Oncology, Medical University of Vienna, Vienna, Austria.
(3)Department of Nuclear Physics, Higher Institute of Technologies and Applied 
Science, Havana, Cuba.

PURPOSE: Magnetic resonance guidance in proton therapy (MRPT) is expected to 
improve its current performance. The combination of magnetic fields with 
clinical proton beam lines poses several challenges for dosimetry, treatment 
planning and dose delivery. Proton beams are deflected by magnetic fields 
causing considerable changes in beam trajectories and also a retraction of the 
Bragg peak positions. A proper prediction and compensation of these effects is 
essential to ensure accurate dose calculations. This work aims to develop and 
benchmark a Monte Carlo (MC) beam model for dose calculation of MRPT for static 
magnetic fields up to 1 T.
METHODS: Proton beam interactions with magnetic fields were simulated using the 
GATE/Geant4 toolkit. The transport of charged particle in custom 3D magnetic 
field maps was implemented for the first time in GATE. Validation experiments 
were done using a horizontal proton pencil beam scanning system with energies 
between 62.4 and 252.7 MeV and a large gap dipole magnet (B = 0-1 T), positioned 
at the isocenter and creating magnetic fields transverse to the beam direction. 
Dose was measured with Gafchromic EBT3 films within a homogeneous PMMA phantom 
without and with bone and tissue equivalent material slab inserts. Linear energy 
transfer (LET) quenching of EBT3 films was corrected using a linear model on 
dose-averaged LET method to ensure a realistic dosimetric comparison between 
simulations and experiments. Planar dose distributions were measured with the 
films in two different configurations: parallel and transverse to the beam 
direction using single energy fields and spread-out Bragg peaks. The MC model 
was benchmarked against lateral deflections and spot sizes in air of single 
beams measured with a Lynx PT detector, as well as dose distributions using EBT3 
films. Experimental and calculated dose distributions were compared to test the 
accuracy of the model.
RESULTS: Measured proton beam deflections in air at distances of 465, 665, and 
1155 mm behind the isocenter after passing the magnetic field region agreed with 
MC-predicted values within 4 mm. Differences between calculated and measured 
beam full width at half maximum (FWHM) were lower than 2 mm. For the homogeneous 
phantom, measured and simulated in-depth dose profiles showed range and average 
dose differences below 0.2 mm and 1.2%, respectively. Simulated central beam 
positions and widths differed <1 mm to the measurements with films. For both 
heterogenous phantoms, differences within 1 mm between measured and simulated 
central beam positions and widths were obtained, confirming a good agreement of 
the MC model.
CONCLUSIONS: A GATE/Geant4 beam model for protons interacting with magnetic 
fields up to 1 T was developed and benchmarked to experimental data. For the 
first time, the GATE/Geant4 model was successfully validated not only for single 
energy beams, but for SOBP, in homogeneous and heterogeneous phantoms. EBT3 film 
dosimetry demonstrated to be a powerful dosimetric tool, once the film response 
function is LET corrected, for measurements in-line and transverse to the beam 
direction in magnetic fields. The proposed MC beam model is foreseen to support 
treatment planning and quality assurance (QA) activities toward MRPT.

© 2019 The Authors. Medical Physics published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on 
behalf of American Association of Physicists in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1002/mp.13883
PMCID: PMC7003833
PMID: 31661559 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have no conflict of interest to 
report.


857. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Med Sci Monit. 2019 Oct 26;25:8025-8033. doi: 10.12659/MSM.911697.

Xanthoxyletin Inhibits Proliferation of Human Oral Squamous Carcinoma Cells and 
Induces Apoptosis, Autophagy, and Cell Cycle Arrest by Modulation of the MEK/ERK 
Signaling Pathway.

Wen Q(1), Luo K(2), Huang H(1), Liao W(3), Yang H(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Head and Neck Oncology Surgery, Affiliated Cancer Hospital and 
Institute of Guangzhou Medical University, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China 
(mainland).
(2)The Research Institute, Cancer Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University, 
Guangzhou, Guangdong, China (mainland).
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Affiliated Cancer Hospital and Institute of 
Guangzhou Medical University, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China (mainland).

Retraction in
    Med Sci Monit. 2021 Mar 25;27:e932349. doi: 10.12659/MSM.932349.

BACKGROUND This study aimed to investigate the effects of xanthoxyletin, a 
plant-derived coumarin, on human oral squamous cancer cells in vitro and in 
mouse xenografts in vivo. MATERIAL AND METHODS The study included SCC-1 human 
oral cancer cells and EBTr normal embryonic bovine tracheal epithelial cells, 
which were treated with 0 µM, 5 µM, 10 µM, and 20 µM of xanthoxyletin for 24 
hours. The MTT assay assessed cell viability, and autophagy was detected by 
electron microscopy. Cell apoptosis was investigated using 
4',6-diamidino-2-phenylindole (DAPI), annexin V, and propidium iodide (PI) 
fluorescence flow cytometry, which was also used to investigate the cell cycle. 
Protein expression was measured by Western blot. Mouse xenografts were used for 
the in vivo evaluation of the effects of xanthoxyletin. RESULTS Xanthoxyletin 
significantly inhibited the proliferation of oral cancer cells (IC₅₀, 10-30 µM) 
with lower cytotoxicity for normal cells. Xanthoxyletin treatment was associated 
with G2/M arrest of the cell cycle and with increased apoptosis and autophagy of 
SCC-1 cells. Apoptosis and autophagy induced by xanthoxyletin were also 
associated with changes in expression of the apoptosis-associated proteins, Bax 
and Bcl-2, and the autophagy-associated proteins, LC3I, LC3II, Beclin 1, p62, 
and VSp34. Xanthoxyletin inhibited the expression of components of the signaling 
cascade of the MEK/ERK pathway in the SCC-1 oral cancer cells. The in vivo 
effects of xanthoxyletin showed inhibition of growth of mouse xenografts. 
CONCLUSIONS Xanthoxyletin inhibited the proliferation of human oral squamous 
carcinoma cells and induced apoptosis, autophagy, and cell cycle arrest by 
modulation of the MEK/ERK signaling pathway.

DOI: 10.12659/MSM.911697
PMCID: PMC6827329
PMID: 31654522 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


858. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2019 Sep 19;2019:1857086. doi: 10.1155/2019/1857086. 
eCollection 2019.

The Healing of Oxidative Injuries with Trehalose in UVB-Irradiated Rabbit 
Corneas.

Cejka C(1), Kossl J(1)(2), Hermankova B(1)(2), Holan V(1)(2), Kubinova S(1), 
Olmiere C(3), Cejkova J(1).

Author information:
(1)Institute of Experimental Medicine of the Czech Academy of Sciences, Vídenska 
1083, 14220 Prague 4, Czech Republic.
(2)Faculty of Natural Science, Charles University, Vinicna 7, 12843 Prague 2, 
Czech Republic.
(3)Laboratoires Thea (Thea-Pharma), 12 Rue Louis-Bleriot, 63000 
Clermont-Ferrand, France.

Retraction in
    Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2020 Dec 19;2020:4128985. doi: 10.1155/2020/4128985.

Our previous research revealed that trehalose, a nonreducing disaccharide of 
glucose and an important stress responsive factor, proved to have 
anti-inflammatory, antiapoptotic, and particularly antioxidant properties in 
UVB-irradiated corneas. Trehalose reduced oxidative stress in corneas induced by 
UVB irradiation, by means of a decrease in the antioxidant/prooxidant imbalance 
in the corneal epithelium. In this study, we demonstrate that trehalose of 3% or 
6% concentration in eye drops directly decreases oxidative stress in 
UVB-irradiated corneas, by removing the excessive amount of reactive oxygen 
species (ROS). Trehalose drops applied on corneas during UVB irradiation once 
daily for four days resulted in a reduction or even absence of the oxidative 
stress, DNA damage, and peroxynitrite formation (detected by nitrotyrosine 
residues), seen in buffer-treated corneas. Furthermore, trehalose treatment 
applied curatively after repeated irradiation for the subsequent fourteen days 
led to the renewal of corneal transparency and significant suppression or even 
absence of neovascularization. This was in contrast to buffer-treated irradiated 
corneas, where the intracorneal inflammation was developed and the untransparent 
corneas were vascularized. In conclusion, the treatment of UVB-irradiated 
corneas with trehalose eye drops removed the excessive amount of ROS in the 
corneal epithelium, leading to the suppression of oxidative stress and favorable 
corneal healing. The 6% trehalose showed a higher intensive antioxidant effect.

Copyright © 2019 Cestmir Cejka et al.

DOI: 10.1155/2019/1857086
PMCID: PMC6770344
PMID: 31641422 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Celine Olmiere is an employee of Laboratoires 
Thea (Clermont-Ferrand, France). All other authors declare that there is no 
conflict of interest regarding the publication of this article.


859. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Med Sci Monit. 2019 Oct 22;25:7898-7907. doi: 10.12659/MSM.919861.

MD-1 Deficiency Accelerates Myocardial Inflammation and Apoptosis in 
Doxorubicin-Induced Cardiotoxicity by Activating the TLR4/MAPKs/Nuclear Factor 
kappa B (NF-κB) Signaling Pathway.

Zhang YJ(1)(2)(3), Huang H(1)(2)(3), Liu Y(1)(2)(3), Kong B(1)(2)(3), Wang 
G(1)(2)(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cardiology, Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University, Wuhan, Hubei, 
China (mainland).
(2)Cardiovascular Research Institute of Wuhan University, Wuhan, Hubei, China 
(mainland).
(3)Hubei Key Laboratory of Cardiology, Wuhan, Hubei, China (mainland).

Retraction in
    Med Sci Monit. 2024 May 22;30:e945188. doi: 10.12659/MSM.945188.

BACKGROUND Myocardial apoptosis and inflammation play important roles in 
doxorubicin (DOX)-caused cardiotoxicity. Our prior studies have characterized 
the effects of myeloid differentiation protein 1(MD-1) in pathological cardiac 
remodeling and myocardial ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) injury, but its 
participations and potential molecular mechanisms in DOX-caused cardiotoxicity 
remain unknown. MATERIAL AND METHODS In the present study, MD-1 knockout mice 
were generated, and a single intraperitoneal injection of DOX (15 mg/kg) was 
performed to elicit DOX-induced cardiotoxicity. Cardiac function, histological 
change, mitochondrial structure, myocardial death, apoptosis, inflammation, and 
molecular alterations were measured systemically. RESULTS The results showed 
that the protein and mRNA levels of MD-1 were dramatically downregulated in 
DOX-treated cardiomyocytes. DOX insult markedly accelerated cardiac dysfunction 
and injury, followed by enhancements of apoptosis and inflammation, all of which 
were further aggravated in MD-1 knockout mice. Mechanistically, the 
TLR4/MAPKs/NF-kappaB pathways, which were over-activated in MD-1-deficient mice, 
were significantly increased in DOX-damaged cardiomyocytes. Moreover, the 
abolishment of TLR4 or NF-kappaB via a specific inhibitor exerted protective 
effects against the adverse effects of MD-1 loss on DOX-caused cardiotoxicity. 
CONCLUSIONS Collectively, these findings suggest that MD-1 is a novel target for 
the treatment of DOX-induced cardiotoxicity.

DOI: 10.12659/MSM.919861
PMCID: PMC6820359
PMID: 31636246 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest None.


860. RETRACTED ARTICLE

IET Nanobiotechnol. 2019 Oct;13(8):808-815. doi: 10.1049/iet-nbt.2018.5258.

Effects of silver nanoparticles coated with anti-HER2 on irradiation efficiency 
of SKBR3 breast cancer cells.

Aghamiri S(1), Jafarpour A(2), Shoja M(3).

Author information:
(1)Student Research Committee, Department of Medical Biotechnology, School of 
Advanced Technologies in Medicine, Shahid Beheshti University of Medical 
Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(2)Virology Division, Department of Pathobiology, School of Public Health, 
Tehran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(3)Faculty of Paramedicine, Semnan University of Medical Sciences, Semnan, Iran. 
Moh3n_sh_66@semums.ac.ir.

Retraction in
    IET Nanobiotechnol. 2022 Aug;16(6):238. doi: 10.1049/nbt2.12087.

Breast cancer is the second cause of death in the world. Ionising radiation is a 
potent mutagen that can cause DNA damage, chromosomes breakage, and cell death. 
In the present study, radiotherapy and nanoparticle-antibodies (ABs) have been 
combined to enhance the efficacy of cancer cell treatment. Silver nanoparticles 
(SNP) were synthesised, coated with anti-HER2, and then characterised with 
different techniques such as X-ray diffraction, dynamic light scattering, 
transmission electron microscopy, Fourier transform infrared, and UV-Vis 
spectroscopy. SKBR3 cells were irradiated with cobalt-60 in the presence of 
nanoparticle-AB as the drug. Cell viability was measured using the 
diphenyltetrazolium bromide assay, and the cellular status was assessed by Raman 
spectroscopy. Irradiation considerably decreased cell viability proportionate to 
the dose increase and post-irradiation time. The surface-enhanced Raman 
spectroscopy increased the signal in the presence of SNP. Increasing the dose to 
2 Gy increased the irradiation resistance, and higher dose increases (4 and 
6 Gy) enhanced the irradiation sensitivity. Moreover, the cellular changes 
induced by irradiation in the presence of the drug were stable after 48 h. The 
authors results introduced the combination of the drug with radiation as an 
effective treatment for cancer and Raman spectroscopy as a suitable tool to 
diagnose effective irradiation doses.

DOI: 10.1049/iet-nbt.2018.5258
PMCID: PMC8676115
PMID: 31625520 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


861. Prog Urol. 2018 Nov;28 Suppl 1:R81-R132. doi: 10.1016/j.purol.2019.01.007. Epub 
2019 Aug 23.

[French ccAFU guidelines - Update 2018-2020: Prostate cancer].

[Article in French]

Rozet F(1), Hennequin C(2), Beauval JB(3), Beuzeboc P(4), Cormier L(5), 
Fromont-Hankard G(6), Mongiat-Artus P(7), Ploussard G(8), Mathieu R(9), Brureau 
L(10), Ouzzane A(11), Azria D(12), Brenot-Rossi I(13), Cancel-Tassin G(14), 
Cussenot O(15), Rebillard X(16), Lebret T(17), Soulié M(18), Renard Penna R(19), 
Méjean A(20).

Author information:
(1)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Service 
d'urologie, institut mutualiste Montsouris, université René-Descartes, 42, 
boulevard Jourdan, 75674 Paris, France. Electronic address: 
francois.rozet@imm.fr.
(2)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Service de 
radiothérapie, Saint-Louis Hospital, AP-HP, 75010 Paris, France.
(3)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Service 
d'urologie, oncologie médicale, institut universitaire du cancer 
Toulouse-Oncopole, CHU Rangueil, 31100 Toulouse, France.
(4)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Service 
d'oncologie, hôpital Foch, 92150 Suresnes, France.
(5)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Service 
d'urologie, CHU François-Mitterrand, 21000 Dijon, France.
(6)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; CHU de 
Tours, 2, boulevard Tonnellé, 37000 Tours, France.
(7)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Service 
d'urologie, hôpital Saint-Louis, 1, avenue Claude-Vellefaux, Paris cedex 10, 
France.
(8)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Service 
d'urologie, clinique La Croix du Sud-Saint-Jean Languedoc, institut 
universitaire du cancer, 31100 Toulouse, France.
(9)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Service 
d'urologie, hôpital de Rennes, 2, rue Henri-le-Guilloux, 35033 Rennes cedex 9, 
France.
(10)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Inserm, 
U1085, IRSET, 97145 Pointe-à-Pitre, Guadeloupe; Service d'urologie, CHU de la 
Guadeloupe, 97159 Pointe-à-Pitre cedex, Guadeloupe.
(11)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Service 
d'urologie, hôpital Claude-Huriez, CHRU de Lille, rue Michel-Polonovski, 59000 
Lille, France.
(12)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Inserm 
U1194, ICM, université de Montpellier, 34298 Montpellier, France.
(13)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Institut 
Paoli-Calmettes, 232, boulevard de Sainte-Marguerite, 13009 Marseille, France.
(14)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; GRC n(o) 5 
ONCOTYPE-URO, institut universitaire de cancérologie, Sorbonne université, 75020 
Paris, France.
(15)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Service 
d'urologie, hôpital Tenon, AP-HP, Sorbonne université, 75020 Paris, France.
(16)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Service 
d'urologie, clinique mutualiste Beau-Soleil, 119, avenue de Lodève, 34070 
Montpellier, France.
(17)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Service 
d'urologie, hôpital Foch, 92150 Suresnes, France.
(18)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Service 
d'urologie, Centre hospitalier universitaire Rangueil, 31059 Toulouse, France.
(19)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; GRC n(o) 5 
ONCOTYPE-URO, institut universitaire de cancérologie, Sorbonne université, 75020 
Paris, France; Service de radiologie, hôpital Tenon, AP-HP, 75020 Paris, France; 
Service de radiologie, hôpital Pitié-Salpêtrière, 47-83, boulevard de l'Hôpital, 
75013 Paris, France.
(20)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe 
prostate, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; Service 
d'urologie, hôpital européen Georges-Pompidou, université Paris Descartes, 
Assistance publique des hôpitaux de Paris (AP-HP), 75015 Paris, France.

Retraction of
    Prog Urol. 2018 Nov;28(12S):S79-S130. doi: 10.1016/j.purol.2018.08.011.

OBJECTIVE: The purpose of the guidelines national committee ccAFU was to propose 
updated French guidelines for prostate cancer.
METHODS: A Medline search was achieved between 2016 and 2018, as regards 
diagnosis, options of treatment and follow-up of prostate cancer, and to 
evaluate the different references specifying their levels of evidence.
RESULTS: Epidemiology, classification, staging systems, diagnostic evaluation of 
prostate cancer are reported. Disease management options are detailed. 
Recommandations are reported according to the different clinical situations. 
Active surveillance is a major option in low risk PCa. Radical prostatectomy 
remains a standard of care of localized PCa. The three-dimensional conformal 
radiotherapy is the technical standard. A dose of≥76Gy is recommended. Moderate 
hypofractionation provides short-term biochemical control comparable to 
conventional fractionation. In case of intermediate risk PCa, radiotherapy can 
be combined with short-term androgen deprivation therapy (ADT). In case of 
high-risk disease, long-term ADT remains the standard of care. ADT is the 
backbone therapy of metastatic disease. In men with metastases at first 
presentation, upfront chemotherapy combined with ADT should be considered as a 
standard. In this situation, the combination of ADT and abiraterone acetate also 
becomes a new standard. In case of metastatic castration-resistant PCa (mCRPC), 
new hormonal treatments and chemotherapy provide a better control of tumor 
progression and increase survival.
CONCLUSION: These updated French guidelines will contribute to increase the 
level of urological care for the diagnosis and treatment for prostate cancer.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.purol.2019.01.007
PMID: 31610875


862. Prog Urol. 2018 Nov;28 Suppl 1:R177-R195. doi: 10.1016/j.purol.2019.01.011. Epub 
2019 Aug 23.

[French ccAFU guidelines - Update 2018-2020: Adrenal cancer].

[Article in French]

Savoie PH(1), Murez T(2), Fléchon A(3), Sèbe P(4), Rocher L(5), Camparo P(6), 
Morel-Journel N(7), Ferretti L(8), Méjean A(9).

Author information:
(1)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, hôpital d'instruction des armées Sainte-Anne, BP 600, 83800 
Toulon cedex 09, France. Electronic address: phsavoie@hotmail.fr.
(2)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie et transplantation rénale, CHU Lapeyronie, 371, avenue du 
Doyen-Gaston-Giraud, 34295 Montpellier cedex 5, France. Electronic address: 
thibaut.murez@gmail.com.
(3)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'oncologie médicale, centre Léon-Bérard, 28, rue Laennec, 69008 Lyon, 
France. Electronic address: aude.flechon@lyon.unicancer.fr.
(4)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, groupe hospitalier Diaconesses Croix Saint Simon, 125, rue 
d'Avron, 75020 Paris, France. Electronic address: psebe@hopital-dcss.org.
(5)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service de radiologie, HU Paris Sud, site Kremlin-Bicêtre, AP-HP, 94270 Le 
Kremlin-Bicêtre, France. Electronic address: laurence.rocher@aphp.fr.
(6)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Centre de pathologie, 51, rue de Jeanne-D'Arc, 80000 Amiens, France. Electronic 
address: philippecamparo@gmail.com.
(7)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, centre hospitalier Lyon Sud (Pierre Bénite), HCL groupement 
hospitalier du Sud, 69495 Pierre Bénite cedex, France. Electronic address: 
nico.morelj@gmail.com.
(8)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, MSP de Bordeaux-Bagatelle, 203, route de Toulouse, BP 50048, 
33401 Talence cedex, France. Electronic address: ludovic.ferretti@gmail.com.
(9)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, hôpital européen Georges-Pompidou, université Paris 
Descartes, AP-HP, 75015 Paris, France. Electronic address: 
arnaud.mejean@aphp.fr.

Retraction of
    Prog Urol. 2018 Nov;28(12S):S175-S193. doi: 10.1016/j.purol.2018.08.015.

OBJECTIVE: To update French oncology guidelines concerning adrenal cancer.
METHODS: Comprehensive Medline search between 2016 and 2018 upon diagnosis, 
treatment and follow-up of adrenal cancer to update 2013 guidelines. Level of 
evidence was evaluated according to AGREE-II.
RESULTS: Adrenal cancers are mainly represented by adrenocortical carcinomas 
(AC), malignant pheochromocytomas (MPC) and adrenal metastases (AM). Medical 
background of these tumors is either the exploration of hormonal or tumor 
symptoms, or an adrenal incidentaloma. Etiological explorations are based on 
hormonal biochemical assessment, morphological and functional imaging and 
histological analysis. AC and MPC are mostly sporadic but hereditary origin is 
still possible. The suspicion of AC is driven mainly by radiological signs of 
malignancy, signs of local invasion or distant metastasis, and type of hormonal 
secretion but the accurate diagnosis is histological. The diagnosis of MPC is 
clinical, biological and radiological. The diagnosis of MS involves a 
percutaneous biopsy. Medical files for primitive adrenal cancer should be 
discussed within the COMETE - Adrenal Cancer Network (Appendix 1). Oncological 
adjuvant treatments are specific for the histological type. In the AC, their 
indication depends on the risk of recurrence and is based on mitotane, external 
radiotherapy or chemotherapy. In the MPC, it is based on internal radiotherapy 
and chemotherapy. Metastatic forms treatment is exceptionally surgical. 
Debulking is uncommon. For metastatic unresectable AC, treatment is based on 
mitotane monotherapy or triple chemotherapy. For metastatic unresectable MPC, 
treatment is based on exclusive metabolic radiotherapy or triple chemotherapy. 
Recurrences are frequent and sometimes delayed, which justifies a close and long 
follow-up.
CONCLUSION: The curative treatment of Adrenal cancers is surgical provided. This 
treatment is rarely sufficient alone, the prognosis is then pejorative.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.purol.2019.01.011
PMID: 31610872


863. Prog Urol. 2018 Nov;28 Suppl 1:R167-R176. doi: 10.1016/j.purol.2019.01.010. Epub 
2019 Aug 23.

[French ccAFU guidelines - Update 2018-2020: Retroperitoneal sarcoma].

[Article in French]

Murez T(1), Savoie PH(2), Fléchon A(3), Durand X(4), Rocher L(5), Camparo P(6), 
Morel-Journel N(7), Ferretti L(8), Sèbe P(9), Méjean A(10).

Author information:
(1)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie et transplantation rénale, CHU Lapeyronie, 371, avenue du 
Doyen-Gaston-Giraud, 34295 Montpellier cedex 5, France. Electronic address: 
t-murez@chu-montpellier.fr.
(2)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, hôpital d'instruction des armées Sainte-Anne, BP 600, 83800 
Toulon cedex 09, France.
(3)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'oncologie médicale, centre Léon-Bérard, 28, rue Laennec, 69008 Lyon, 
France.
(4)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, hôpital d'instruction des Armées Bégin, 69, avenue de Paris, 
94160 Saint Mande, France.
(5)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service de radiologie, CHU Paris Sud, site Kremlin-Bicêtre, AP-HP, 94270 Le 
Kremlin-Bicêtre, France.
(6)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Centre de pathologie, 51, rue de Jeanne-D'Arc, 80000 Amiens, France.
(7)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, centre hospitalier Lyon Sud (Pierre Bénite), HCL groupement 
hospitalier du Sud, 69495 Pierre Bénite cedex, France.
(8)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, MSP de Bordeaux-Bagatelle, 203, route de Toulouse, BP 50048, 
33401 Talence cedex, France.
(9)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, groupe hospitalier Diaconesses Croix Saint Simon, 125, rue 
d'Avron, 75020 Paris, France.
(10)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, hôpital européen Georges-Pompidou, université Paris 
Descartes, AP-HP, 75015 Paris, France.

Retraction of
    Prog Urol. 2018 Nov;28(12S):S165-S174. doi: 10.1016/j.purol.2018.08.010.

OBJECTIVE: To update French urological guidelines on retroperitoneal sarcoma.
METHODS: Comprehensive Medline search between 2016 and 2018 upon diagnosis, 
treatment and follow-up of retroperitoneal sarcoma. Level of evidence was 
evaluated.
RESULTS: Chest, abdomen and pelvis CT is mandatory to evaluate any suspected 
retroperitoneal sarcoma. MRI sometimes helps surgical planning. Before 
histological confirmation through biopsy, the patient must be registered in the 
French sarcoma pathology reference network. The biopsy standard should be an 
extraperitoneal coaxial percutaneous sampling before any retroperitoneal mass 
therapeutic decision. Surgery is retroperitoneal sarcoma cornerstone. The main 
objective is grossly negative margins and can be technically challenging. 
Multimodal treatment risks and benefits must be discussed in multidisciplinary 
teams. The relapse rate is related to tumor grade and surgical margins.
CONCLUSION: Retroperitoneal sarcoma prognosis is poor and closely related to the 
quality of initial management. Centralization through dedicated sarcoma 
pathology network in a high-volume center is mandatory.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.purol.2019.01.010
PMID: 31610871


864. Prog Urol. 2018 Nov;28 Suppl 1:R149-R166. doi: 10.1016/j.purol.2019.01.009. Epub 
2019 Aug 23.

[French ccAFU guidelines - Update 2018-2020: Testicular germ cell tumors].

[Article in French]

Murez T(1), Fléchon A(2), Savoie PH(3), Rocher L(4), Camparo P(5), Morel-Journel 
N(6), Ferretti L(7), Sèbe P(8), Méjean A(9).

Author information:
(1)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, CHRU de Montpellier, 371, avenue du Doyen-Gaston-Giraud, 
34295 Montpellier cedex 5, France. Electronic address: 
t-murez@chu-montpellier.fr.
(2)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'oncologie médicale, centre Léon-Bérard, 28, rue Laennec, 69008 Lyon, 
France.
(3)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, hôpital d'instruction des armées Sainte-Anne, BP 600, 83800 
Toulon cedex 09, France.
(4)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service de radiologie, CHU Paris Sud, site Kremlin-Bicêtre, AP-HP, 94270 Le 
Kremlin-Bicêtre, France.
(5)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Centre de pathologie, 51, rue de Jeanne-D'Arc, 80000 Amiens, France.
(6)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, centre hospitalier Lyon Sud (Pierre Bénite), HCL groupement 
hospitalier du Sud, 69495 Pierre Bénite cedex, France.
(7)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, MSP de Bordeaux-Bagatelle, 203, route de Toulouse, BP 50048, 
33401 Talence cedex, France.
(8)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, groupe hospitalier Diaconesses Croix Saint-Simon, 125, rue 
d'Avron, 75020 Paris, France.
(9)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, hôpital européen Georges-Pompidou, université Paris 
Descartes, AP-HP, 75015 Paris, France.

Retraction of
    Prog Urol. 2018 Nov;28(12S):S147-S164. doi: 10.1016/j.purol.2018.08.002.

OBJECTIVE: To update French guidelines concerning testicular germ cell cancer.
METHODS: Comprehensive Medline search between 2016 and 2018 upon diagnosis, 
treatment and follow-up of testicular germ cell cancer and treatments 
toxicities. Level of evidence was evaluated.
RESULTS: Testicular Germ cell tumor diagnosis is based on physical examination, 
biology tests (serum tumor markers AFP, hCGt, LDH) and radiological assessment 
(scrotal ultrasound and chest, abdomen and pelvis computerized tomography). 
Total inguinal orchiectomy is the first- line treatment allowing 
characterization of the histological type, local staging and identification of 
risk factors for micrometastases. In case of several therapeutic options, one 
must inform his patient balancing risks and benefits. Surveillance is usually 
chosen in stage I seminoma compliant patients as the evolution rate is low 
between 15 to 20 %. Carboplatin AUC7 is an alternative option. Radiotherapy 
indication should be avoided. In stage I non-seminomatous patients, either 
surveillance or risk-adapted strategy can be applied. Staging retroperitoneal 
lymphadenectomy has restricted indications. Metastatic germ cell tumors are 
usually treated by PEB chemotherapy according to IGCCCG prognostic 
classification. Lombo-aortic radiotherapy is still a standard treatment for 
stage IIA. Residual masses should be evaluated by biological and radiological 
assessment 3 to 4 weeks after the end of chemotherapy. Retroperitoneal 
lymphadenectomy is advocated for every non-seminomatous residual mass more than 
one cm. 18FDG uptake should be evaluated for each seminoma residual mass more 
than 3cm.
CONCLUSIONS: A rigorous use of classifications is mandatory to define staging 
since initial diagnosis. Applying treatments based on these classifications 
leads to excellent survival rates (99 % in CSI, 85 % in CSII+).

Copyright © 2019. Published by Elsevier Masson SAS.

DOI: 10.1016/j.purol.2019.01.009
PMID: 31610870


865. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Lett. 2020 Jan 1;468:27-40. doi: 10.1016/j.canlet.2019.10.008. Epub 2019 
Oct 8.

RETRACTED: Endogenous production of C-C motif chemokine ligand 2 by 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells drives radioresistance-associated metastasis.

Guo SS(1), Liu R(1), Wen YF(2), Liu LT(1), Yuan L(3), Li YX(4), Li Y(5), Hao 
WW(3), Peng JY(3), Chen DN(3), Tang QN(1), Sun XS(1), Guo L(1), Mo HY(1), Qian 
CN(3), Zeng MS(3), Bei JX(3), Sun SY(6), Chen QY(1), Tang LQ(1), Mai HQ(7).

Author information:
(1)Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in 
South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Guangdong Key 
Laboratory of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Diagnosis and Therapy, 651 Dongfeng Road 
East, Guangzhou, 510060, PR China; Department of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma, Sun 
Yat-sen University Cancer Center, 651 Dongfeng Road East, Guangzhou, 510060, PR 
China.
(2)Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in 
South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Guangdong Key 
Laboratory of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Diagnosis and Therapy, 651 Dongfeng Road 
East, Guangzhou, 510060, PR China; Department of Radiotherapy, Affiliated Cancer 
Hospital & Institute of Guangzhou Medical University, 78 Hengzhigang Road, 
Guangzhou, 510095, PR China.
(3)Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in 
South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Guangdong Key 
Laboratory of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Diagnosis and Therapy, 651 Dongfeng Road 
East, Guangzhou, 510060, PR China.
(4)Key Laboratory of Translational Radiation Oncology, Hunan Cancer Hospital and 
the Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Xiangya School of Medicine, Central South 
University, Changsha, 410013, PR China.
(5)Department of Radiotherapy, Jiangsu Cancer Hospital & Jiangsu Institute of 
Cancer Research & the Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Nanjing Medical University, 
Nanjing, 210009, PR China.
(6)Department of Oral and Maxillofacial-Head Neck Oncology, Shanghai Ninth 
People's Hospital, College of Stomatology, Shanghai Jiao Tong University School 
of Medicine, Shanghai, 200011, PR China.
(7)Sun Yat-sen University Cancer Center, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in 
South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Guangdong Key 
Laboratory of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Diagnosis and Therapy, 651 Dongfeng Road 
East, Guangzhou, 510060, PR China; Department of Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma, Sun 
Yat-sen University Cancer Center, 651 Dongfeng Road East, Guangzhou, 510060, PR 
China. Electronic address: maihq@sysucc.org.cn.

Retraction in
    Cancer Lett. 2023 Apr 1;558:216061. doi: 10.1016/j.canlet.2023.216061.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal (http://www.elsevier.com/locate/withdrawalpolicy). This article has 
been retracted at the request of the Editor-in-Chief. Following the publication 
of the above article, the Editor was notified by a concerned reader that the 
authors supplied duplicated images. Specifically, overlap in Figures 1C, 4A, 4B, 
4D, and 5C. These concerns were also reported at PubPeer 
https://pubpeer.com/publications/CAC11E726E1C3E261A1F8BB90FF173. After review, 
the Editor found that duplication did occur and therefore the decision was made 
to retract the article. After re-examination of the entire paper, raw data and 
lab records, the authors have found that “pictures between different experiments 
were carelessly mixed. We want to apologize for all the inconvenience it caused 
to the editorial board, and to all our peers and to all the readers of our 
paper.”

Copyright © 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.canlet.2019.10.008
PMID: 31604115 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


866. J Clin Med. 2019 Oct 9;8(10):1647. doi: 10.3390/jcm8101647.

Prognostic Significance of Sarcopenia in Patients with Unresectable Advanced 
Esophageal Cancer.

Onishi S(1), Tajika M(2), Tanaka T(3), Hirayama Y(4), Hara K(5), Mizuno N(6), 
Kuwahara T(7), Okuno N(8), Inaba Y(9), Kodaira T(10), Abe T(11), Muro K(12), 
Shimizu M(13), Niwa Y(14).

Author information:
(1)Department of Endoscopy, Aichi Cancer Center Hospital, 1-1 Kanokoden, 
Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8681, Japan. soonishi@aichi-cc.jp.
(2)Department of Endoscopy, Aichi Cancer Center Hospital, 1-1 Kanokoden, 
Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8681, Japan. mtajika@aichi-cc.jp.
(3)Department of Endoscopy, Aichi Cancer Center Hospital, 1-1 Kanokoden, 
Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8681, Japan. tstanaka@aichi-cc.jp.
(4)Department of Endoscopy, Aichi Cancer Center Hospital, 1-1 Kanokoden, 
Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8681, Japan. yhirayama@aichi-cc.jp.
(5)Department of Gastroenterology, Aichi Cancer Center Hospital, 1-1 Kanokoden, 
Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8681, Japan. khara@aichi-cc.jp.
(6)Department of Gastroenterology, Aichi Cancer Center Hospital, 1-1 Kanokoden, 
Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8681, Japan. nobumasa@aichi-cc.jp.
(7)Department of Gastroenterology, Aichi Cancer Center Hospital, 1-1 Kanokoden, 
Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8681, Japan. kuwa_tak@aichi-cc.jp.
(8)Department of Gastroenterology, Aichi Cancer Center Hospital, 1-1 Kanokoden, 
Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8681, Japan. nokuno@aichi-cc.jp.
(9)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, Aichi Cancer Center 
Hospital, 1-1 Kanokoden, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8681, Japan. 105824@aichi-cc.jp.
(10)Department of Radiation Oncology, Aichi Cancer Center Hospital, 1-1 
Kanokoden, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8681, Japan. 109103@aichi-cc.jp.
(11)Department of Gastroenterological Surgery, Aichi Cancer Center Hospital, 1-1 
Kanokoden, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8681, Japan. tabe@aichi-cc.jp.
(12)Department of Clinical Oncology, Aichi Cancer Center Hospital, 1-1 
Kanokoden, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8681, Japan. kmuro@aichi-cc.jp.
(13)Department of Gastroenterology/Internal Medicine, Gifu University Graduate 
School of Medicine, 1-1 Yanagido, Gifu 501-1194, Japan. shimim-gif@umin.ac.jp.
(14)Department of Endoscopy, Aichi Cancer Center Hospital, 1-1 Kanokoden, 
Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-8681, Japan. yniwa@aichi-cc.jp.

The prognostic significance of sarcopenia in unresectable advanced esophageal 
cancer remains unclear. Our study retrospectively evaluated 176 consecutive 
Japanese patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma who had been diagnosed 
with unresectable advanced cancer in Aichi Cancer Center Hospital between 
January 2007 and December 2014. Skeletal muscle mass was calculated from 
abdominal computed tomography (CT) scans before treatment, and patients were 
divided into sarcopenic and non-sarcopenic groups. Sarcopenia was present in 101 
patients (57.4%). Eighty-two patients in the sarcopenic group and 63 patients in 
the non-sarcopenic group died during follow-up (mean: 20.3 months). The overall 
survival (OS) rate was significantly lower in the sarcopenic group compared to 
the non-sarcopenic group (2-year OS: 9.8% vs. 23.7%, p < 0.01). Cox regression 
analysis revealed only pretreatment sarcopenia as an independent prognostic 
factor (hazard ratio (HR): 1.48, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.04-2.10, p = 
0.03). In the sarcopenic group, withdrawn cases, for whom the planned treatment 
was discontinued for some reason, showed a significantly lower OS rate compared 
to complete cases (1-year OS: 11.0% vs. 59.9%, p < 0.01). The most common reason 
for discontinuation was aspiration pneumonia (64.5%). Presence of sarcopenia was 
an independent prognostic factor for unresectable advanced esophageal cancer. 
Identifying the presence of sarcopenia prior to treatment may improve the 
prognosis.

DOI: 10.3390/jcm8101647
PMCID: PMC6832437
PMID: 31601040

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


867. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Cycle. 2019 Nov;18(22):3177-3188. doi: 10.1080/15384101.2019.1671089. Epub 
2019 Sep 29.

Down-regulated lncRNA TP73-AS1 reduces radioresistance in hepatocellular 
carcinoma via the PTEN/Akt signaling pathway.

Song W(1), Zhang J(2), Xia Q(1), Sun M(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pathology, The Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University , Zhengzhou , Henan , PR China.
(2)Department of Cardiovascularology, The Zhengzhou Central Hospital Affiliated 
to Zhengzhou University , Zhengzhou , Henan , PR China.

Retraction in
    Cell Cycle. 2023 Jul-Aug;22(14-16):1802. doi: 10.1080/15384101.2023.2211863.

Objective: Recently, the role of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) in 
hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) has been assessed. Our research was determined to 
investigate the impacts of lncRNA TP73-AS1 on radioresistance of HCC by 
modulating PTEN/Akt signaling pathway. Methods: Expression of TP73-AS1 in HCC 
tissues and cells was detected using reverse transcription quantitative 
polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR). The HCC cells were conducted with different 
doses of irradiation, then the survival, colony formation and apoptosis were 
determined by a series of assays. The HCC cell line with a higher expression of 
TP73-AS1 was transfected with TP73-AS1-siRNA and X-rayed, the expression of 
TP73-AS1, cell survival, radiosensitivity, and apoptosis were evaluated. 
Subcutaneous tumorigenesis in nude mice was adopted to record the size of tumors 
before and after the radiation. RT-qPCR and Western blot analysis were used to 
clarify the activation of PTEN/Akt signaling pathway. Results: TP73-AS1 was 
highly expressed in HCC tissues and cells. With the increasing dose of 
radiation, the relative proliferation activity and survival fraction (SF) of HCC 
cells was gradually reduced, while the total apoptosis rate was gradually 
elevated. TP73-AS1 knockdown promoted radiosensitivity and apoptosis, repressed 
cell proliferation, making it an inhibitor of tumor in HCC. Moreover, reduced 
TP73-AS1 was able to decline the phosphorylation of Akt and increase the 
expression of PTEN in HCC. Down-regulated TP73-AS1 could repress tumorigenesis 
by promoting radiosensitivity in nude mice with HCC. Conclusion: Our study 
suggests that lncRNA TP73-AS1 was highly expressed in HCC and participated in 
radioresistance of HCC via PTEN/Akt signaling pathway. Abbreviations: lncRNAs: 
long non-coding RNAs; lncRNAs: HCC: hepatocellular carcinoma; RT-qPCR: reverse 
transcription quantitative polymerase chain reaction; survival fraction: SF; 
lncRNA TP73-AS1: LncRNA P73 antisense RNA 1T; PTEN: Phosphatase and tensin 
homologue; Akt: Protein kinase B; P13K: phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase; TNM: 
tumor, node and metastasis; ACJJ: American Joint Committee on Cancer; FBS: fetal 
bovine serum; EDTA: ethylene diamine tetraacetic acid; NC: negative control; 
DMEM: Dulbecco's modified Eagle medium; OD: optical density; PE: Plating 
efficiency; FITC/PI: fluoresceine isothiocyanate/propidium iodide; PBS: 
phosphate buffered solution; GAPDH: Glyceraldehyde phosphate dehydrogenase; 
ANOVA: one-way analysis of variance; LSD-t: least significant difference test.

DOI: 10.1080/15384101.2019.1671089
PMCID: PMC6816373
PMID: 31564201 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


868. Breast. 2020 Apr;50:125-134. doi: 10.1016/j.breast.2019.09.009. Epub 2019 Sep 
19.

A systematic review and meta-analysis of clinician-reported versus 
patient-reported outcomes of radiation dermatitis.

Lam E(1), Yee C(1), Wong G(1), Popovic M(1), Drost L(1), Pon K(1), Vesprini 
D(1), Lam H(1), Aljabri S(1), Soliman H(1), DeAngelis C(1), Chow E(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Odette Cancer Centre, Sunnybrook Health 
Sciences Centre, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Odette Cancer Centre, Sunnybrook Health 
Sciences Centre, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Electronic 
address: edward.chow@sunnybrook.ca.

Radiation dermatitis is a common adverse effect of radiotherapy (RT) in breast 
cancer patients. Although radiation dermatitis is reported by either the 
clinician or the patient, previous studies have shown disagreement between 
clinician-reported outcomes (CROs) and patient-reported outcomes (PROs). This 
review evaluated the extent of discordance between CROs and PROs for radiation 
dermatitis. Studies reporting both clinician and patient-reported outcomes for 
external beam RT were eligible. Nine studies met the inclusion criteria for the 
systematic review, while 8 of these studies were eligible for inclusion in a 
meta-analysis of acute and late skin toxicities. We found an overall agreement 
between CROs and PROs of acute skin colour change, fibrosis and/or retraction, 
and moist desquamation (p > 0.005). Reporting of late breast pain, breast edema, 
skin colour change, telangiectasia, fibrosis and/or retraction and 
induration/fibrosis alone (p > 0.005) were also in agreement between clinicians 
and patients. Our meta-analysis revealed a greater reporting of acute breast 
pain by patients (RR = 0.89, 95% CI 0.87-0.92, p < 0.001), greater reporting of 
acute breast edema by physicians (RR = 1.80, 95% CI 1.65-1.97, p < 0.001) and a 
greater reporting of late breast shrinkage by patients (RR = 0.61, 95% CI 
0.44-0.86, p = 0.005). However, our review was limited by the discrepancies 
between PRO and CRO measurement tools as well as the absence of standard time 
points for evaluation of radiation dermatitis. Given potential discrepancies 
between CROs and PROs, both measures should be reported in future studies. 
Ultimately, we advocate for the development of a single tool to assess symptoms 
from both perspectives.

Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.breast.2019.09.009
PMCID: PMC7375608
PMID: 31563429 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


869. Annu Rev Pharmacol Toxicol. 2020 Jan 6;60:529-551. doi: 
10.1146/annurev-pharmtox-010919-023309. Epub 2019 Sep 10.

Unlocking Personalized Biomedicine and Drug Discovery with Human Induced 
Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Cardiomyocytes: Fit for Purpose or Forever 
Elusive?

de Korte T(1)(2), Katili PA(3), Mohd Yusof NAN(3), van Meer BJ(2), Saleem U(4), 
Burton FL(5), Smith GL(5), Clements P(6), Mummery CL(2), Eschenhagen T(4), 
Hansen A(4), Denning C(3).

Author information:
(1)Ncardia, 2333 BD Leiden, The Netherlands.
(2)Department of Anatomy and Embryology, Leiden University Medical Center, 2333 
ZD Leiden, The Netherlands.
(3)Department of Stem Cell Biology, University of Nottingham, NG7 2RD 
Nottingham, United Kingdom; email: chris.denning@nottingham.ac.uk.
(4)Department of Experimental Pharmacology and Toxicology, University Medical 
Center Hamburg Eppendorf, 20246 Hamburg, Germany.
(5)Institute of Cardiovascular and Medical Sciences, University of Glasgow, G12 
8QQ Glasgow, United Kingdom.
(6)David Jack Centre for Research & Development, GlaxoSmithKline, SG12 0DP 
Hertfordshire, United Kingdom.

In recent decades, drug development costs have increased by approximately a 
hundredfold, and yet about 1 in 7 licensed drugs are withdrawn from the market, 
often due to cardiotoxicity. This review considers whether technologies using 
human induced pluripotent stem cell-derived cardiomyocytes (hiPSC-CMs) could 
complement existing assays to improve discovery and safety while reducing 
socioeconomic costs and assisting with regulatory guidelines on cardiac safety 
assessments. We draw on lessons from our own work to suggest a panel of 12 drugs 
that will be useful in testing the suitability of hiPSC-CM platforms to evaluate 
contractility. We review issues, including maturity versus complexity, 
consistency, quality, and cost, while considering a potential need to 
incorporate auxiliary approaches to compensate for limitations in hiPSC-CM 
technology. We give examples on how coupling hiPSC-CM technologies with 
Cas9/CRISPR genome engineering is starting to be used to personalize diagnosis, 
stratify risk, provide mechanistic insights, and identify new pathogenic 
variants for cardiovascular disease.

DOI: 10.1146/annurev-pharmtox-010919-023309
PMID: 31506008 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


870. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Neuro Oncol. 2020 May 15;22(5):e1-e9. doi: 10.1093/neuonc/noz152.

Diffuse midline glioma with H3 K27M mutation: a comparison integrating the 
clinical, radiological, and molecular features between adult and pediatric 
patients.

Jiang H(1)(2), Yang K(1)(2), Ren X(1)(2), Cui Y(1)(2), Li M(1)(2), Lei Y(3), Lin 
S(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Beijing Tiantan Hospital, Capital Medical 
University, Beijing, China.
(2)National Clinical Research Center for Neurological Diseases, Center of Brain 
Tumor, Beijing Institute for Brain Disorders and Beijing Key Laboratory of Brain 
Tumor, Beijing, China.
(3)Qingdao University, Qingdao, China.

Retraction in
    Neuro Oncol. 2020 May 15;22(5):736. doi: 10.1093/neuonc/noaa012.

BACKGROUND: Diffuse midline glioma (DMG), H3 K27M mutant, occurs in both adult 
and pediatric populations. The characteristics of the 2 DMG groups were 
systematically explored in this study.
METHODS: H3 K27M-mutant DMG was diagnosed in 116 patients at Beijing Tiantan 
Hospital from May 2016 to December 2018 who were included in our study. Patients 
were classified into an adult group (n = 57; 49.1%) and a pediatric group (n = 
59; 50.9%). Clinical, radiological, and molecular features were compared between 
the groups. Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed to identify 
prognostic factors.
RESULTS: Compared with the adult group, pediatric patients had a younger age 
(8.9 ± 4.1 y vs 35.1 ± 11.8 y, P < 0.001), a lower preoperative Karnofsky 
performance scale score (62.9 ± 15.5 vs 72.1 ± 16.5, P = 0.004), a lower rate of 
total resection (5.7% vs 26.8%, P = 0.009), a larger tumor size (4.4 ± 0.9 vs 
3.9 ± 1.5 cm, P = 0.045), a higher Ki-67 index (63.0% vs 37.8%, P = 0.047), and 
higher rates of postoperative cranial nerve palsy (61.0% vs 36.8%, P = 0.009) 
and ataxia (45.8% vs 26.3%, P = 0.029). Adult DMG was located predominantly in 
the thalamus, while the predilection site for pediatric DMG was brainstem (P < 
0.001). Kaplan-Meier plot showed that the median survival of adult and pediatric 
DMG was 16.0 (9.7-22.3) months and 10.0 (8.3-11.7) months, respectively, which 
imparted a significant difference (P = 0.008). Age at diagnosis, radiotherapy, 
and motor deficit were confirmed as independent prognostic factors according to 
the multivariate analysis (P < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: Compared with adult patients, children with H3 K27M-mutant DMG 
confer distinct clinical, radiological, and molecular characteristics and have a 
dismal prognosis. Radiotherapy is an independent factor associated with 
prolonged survival.

© The Author(s) 2019. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the 
Society for Neuro-Oncology. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: 
journals.permissions@oup.com.

DOI: 10.1093/neuonc/noz152
PMCID: PMC7962140
PMID: 31504810


871. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Angew Chem Int Ed Engl. 2019 Nov 11;58(46):16490-16494. doi: 
10.1002/anie.201909426. Epub 2019 Sep 26.

Combined Photoredox/Enzymatic C-H Benzylic Hydroxylations.

Betori RC(1), May CM(1), Scheidt KA(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Chemistry, Center for Molecular Innovation and Drug Discovery, 
Northwestern University, 2145 Sheridan Road, Evanston, IL, 60208, USA.

Retraction in
    Angew Chem Int Ed Engl. 2023 Sep 25;62(39):e202311469. doi: 
10.1002/anie.202311469.

Chemical transformations that install heteroatoms into C-H bonds are of 
significant interest because they streamline the construction of value-added 
small molecules. Direct C-H oxyfunctionalization, or the one step conversion of 
a C-H bond to a C-O bond, could be a highly enabling transformation due to the 
prevalence of the resulting enantioenriched alcohols in pharmaceuticals and 
natural products,. Here we report a single-flask photoredox/enzymatic process 
for direct C-H hydroxylation that proceeds with broad reactivity, 
chemoselectivity and enantioselectivity. This unified strategy advances general 
photoredox and enzymatic catalysis synergy and enables chemoenzymatic processes 
for powerful and selective oxidative transformations.

© 2019 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.

DOI: 10.1002/anie.201909426
PMCID: PMC6829040
PMID: 31465617 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


872. J Contemp Brachytherapy. 2019 Jun;11(3):207-214. doi: 10.5114/jcb.2019.85414. 
Epub 2019 Jun 28.

A prospective comparison of subjective and objective assessments of cosmetic 
outcomes following breast brachytherapy.

Wadasadawala T(1), Sinha S(2), Verma S(2), Parmar V(3), Kannan S(4), Pathak 
R(2), Sarin R(1), Gaikar M(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Advanced Centre for Treatment, Research and 
Education in Cancer, Tata Memorial Centre, Homi Bhabha National Institute, 
Kharghar, Navi Mumbai, India.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Tata Memorial Centre, Homi Bhabha National 
Institute, Parel, Mumbai, India.
(3)Department of Surgical Oncology, Advanced Centre for Treatment, Research and 
Education in Cancer, Tata Memorial Centre, Homi Bhabha National Institute, 
Kharghar, Navi Mumbai, India.
(4)Department of Biostatistics, Advanced Centre for Treatment, Research and 
Education in Cancer, Tata Memorial Centre, Homi Bhabha National Institute, 
Kharghar, Navi Mumbai, India.
(5)Clinical Research Secretariat, Tata Memorial Centre, Homi Bhabha National 
Institute, Parel, Mumbai, India.

PURPOSE: We evaluated agreement between subjective and objective methods of 
cosmesis scoring in an accelerated partial breast irradiation (APBI) cohort.
MATERIAL AND METHODS: Consecutive women treated with APBI using interstitial 
brachytherapy reported for clinical follow-up every 6 months. Single 
cross-sectional assessment of the breast cosmesis was done by a radiation 
oncologist (subjective method) using Harvard scale and by photographic 
assessment using BCCT.core (Breast Cancer Conservative Treatment. Cosmetic 
results, version 3.1) software (objective method) at 18-36 months post-APBI. The 
agreement between subjective and objective methods for the overall score as well 
as individual subjective/objective subdomains was computed using kappa 
statistics. ANOVA was used to test the correlation between objective indices and 
subjective subdomains.
RESULTS: The agreement between the subjective (physician) and objective 
assessment was good with a kappa of 0.673. Overall, 77 (98.7%) patients were 
satisfied with the overall outcomes of breast conservation therapy. The kappa 
agreement between physician and patient scoring was 0.457 (95% CI: 0.240-0.674). 
Among the subjective subdomains, location of the nipple areola complex (NAC) had 
good agreement with both the overall subjective and objective score, with the 
kappa of 0.778 and 0.547, respectively. In the objective indices, BCE (breast 
compliance evaluation), LBC (lower breast contour), and UNR (unilateral nipple 
retraction) correlated significantly with the subjective subdomains: location of 
the NAC, breast size, and shape (p < 0.05 for all indices).
CONCLUSIONS: Good agreement exists for overall cosmetic outcomes measured by 
subjective and objective methods. Location of the NAC, breast size and shape are 
the most important parameters determining cosmetic outcomes irrespective of the 
method of assessment.

DOI: 10.5114/jcb.2019.85414
PMCID: PMC6701386
PMID: 31435427

Conflict of interest statement: Authors report no conflict of interest.


873. Bone Marrow Transplant. 2020 Jan;55(1):110-116. doi: 10.1038/s41409-019-0644-8. 
Epub 2019 Aug 21.

Incidence and outcome of Kaposi sarcoma after hematopoietic stem cell 
transplantation: a retrospective analysis and a review of the literature, on 
behalf of infectious diseases working party of EBMT.

Cesaro S(1), Tridello G(2), van der Werf S(3), Bader P(4), Sociè G(5), Ljungman 
P(6), McQuaker G(7), Giardino S(8), Uckan-Cetinkaya D(9), Anagnostopoulos A(10), 
Ozdogu H(11), Schots R(12), Jindra P(13), Ladetto M(14), Schroyens W(15), 
Mikulska M(16), Styczynski J(17).

Author information:
(1)Pediatric Hematology Oncology, Azienda Ospedaliera Universitaria Integrata 
Verona, Verona, Italy. simone.cesaro@aovr.veneto.it.
(2)Pediatric Hematology Oncology, Azienda Ospedaliera Universitaria Integrata 
Verona, Verona, Italy.
(3)EBMT Data Office, Leiden, Netherlands.
(4)Universitaetsklinikum Frankfurt Goethe-Universitaet, Klinik für Kinder und 
Jugendmedizin, Frankfurt, Germany.
(5)Hopital St. Louis, Paris, France.
(6)Karolinska University Hospital and Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden.
(7)Bone MarrowTransplant Unit, Glasgow, UK.
(8)Istituto Giannina Gaslini, Genova, Italy.
(9)Hacettepe University Children's Hospital, Ankara, Turkey.
(10)George Papanicolaou General Hospital, Thessaloniki, Greece.
(11)Baskent University Hospital, Adana, Turkey.
(12)Universitair Ziekenhuis Brussel, Brussels, Belgium.
(13)Charles University Hospital, Pilsen, Czech Republic.
(14)Hospital SS.Antonio e Biagio, Alessandria, Italy.
(15)Antwerp University Hospital (UZA), Antwerp, Belgium.
(16)Ospedale San Martino, Genova, Italy.
(17)Department of Pediatric Hematology Oncology, University Hospital, Collegium 
Medicum UMK, Bydgoszcz, Poland.

The incidence, the clinical characteristics, and the outcome of Kaposi sarcoma 
(KS) in patients after hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) were 
assessed. During the period 1987-2018, 13 cases of KS were diagnosed, 3 females 
and 10 males, median age of 50 years, median time from HSCT of 7 months. KS had 
an incidence of 0.17% in allogeneic and 0.05% in autologous HSCT. HHV-8 was 
documented in eight of nine tumor tissue samples assessed. The organ involvement 
was: skin in nine, lymph nodes in six, oral cavity in four, and visceral in 
three patients, respectively; seven patients had >1 organ involved. Five 
patients had immunosuppression withdrawn, whereas four and three patients 
received radiotherapy and chemotherapy, respectively. Eight patients are alive 
(median follow-up 48 months, range 5-128), whereas five patients died after a 
median time of 8 months from the diagnosis of KS. However, no death was caused 
by KS. We conclude that the incidence of KS after HSCT is very low. Although KS 
can be managed with the reduction of immunosuppression, visceral forms may 
require chemotherapy and/or radiotherapy. The low prevalence of KS indicates 
that screening for HHV-8 serology and surveillance for HHV-8 viremia are not 
indicated in HSCT patients.

DOI: 10.1038/s41409-019-0644-8
PMID: 31435035 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


874. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Nat Commun. 2019 Aug 16;10(1):3711. doi: 10.1038/s41467-019-11657-0.

Mechanically interlocked architecture aids an ultra-stiff and ultra-hard 
elastically bendable cocrystal.

Dey S(1), Das S(2), Bhunia S(2)(3), Chowdhury R(2), Mondal A(2), Bhattacharya 
B(2), Devarapalli R(2), Yasuda N(4), Moriwaki T(4), Mandal K(5), Mukherjee 
GD(5), Reddy CM(6)(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Chemical Sciences, Indian Institute of Science Education and 
Research (IISER) Kolkata, Mohanpur Campus, Mohanpur, West Bengal, 741246, India. 
somnathdey226@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Chemical Sciences, Indian Institute of Science Education and 
Research (IISER) Kolkata, Mohanpur Campus, Mohanpur, West Bengal, 741246, India.
(3)Center for Advanced Functional Materials, Indian Institute of Science 
Education and Research (IISER) Kolkata, Mohanpur Campus, Mohanpur, West Bengal, 
741246, India.
(4)Japan Synchrotron Radiation Research Institute (JASRI), 1-1-1 Kouto, Sayo, 
Hyogo, 679-5198, Japan.
(5)Department of Physical Sciences, Indian Institute of Science Education and 
Research (IISER) Kolkata, Mohanpur Campus, Mohanpur, West Bengal, 741246, India.
(6)Department of Chemical Sciences, Indian Institute of Science Education and 
Research (IISER) Kolkata, Mohanpur Campus, Mohanpur, West Bengal, 741246, India. 
cmallareddy@gmail.com.
(7)Center for Advanced Functional Materials, Indian Institute of Science 
Education and Research (IISER) Kolkata, Mohanpur Campus, Mohanpur, West Bengal, 
741246, India. cmallareddy@gmail.com.

Retraction in
    Nat Commun. 2021 Oct 20;12(1):6104. doi: 10.1038/s41467-021-25762-6.

Comment in
    Nat Commun. 2021 Oct 20;12(1):5983. doi: 10.1038/s41467-021-26204-z.

Molecular crystals are not known to be as stiff as metals, composites and 
ceramics. Here we report an exceptional mechanical stiffness and high hardness 
in a known elastically bendable organic cocrystal [caffeine (CAF), 
4-chloro-3-nitrobenzoic acid (CNB) and methanol (1:1:1)] which is comparable to 
certain low-density metals. Spatially resolved atomic level studies reveal that 
the mechanically interlocked weak hydrogen bond networks which are separated by 
dispersive interactions give rise to these mechanical properties. Upon bending, 
the crystals significantly conserve the overall energy by efficient 
redistribution of stress while perturbations in hydrogen bonds are compensated 
by strengthened π-stacking. Furthermore we report a remarkable stiffening and 
hardening in the elastically bent crystal. Hence, mechanically interlocked 
architectures provide an unexplored route to reach new mechanical limits and 
adaptability in organic crystals. This proof of concept inspires the design of 
light-weight, stiff crystalline organics with potential to rival certain 
inorganics, which currently seem inconceivable.

DOI: 10.1038/s41467-019-11657-0
PMCID: PMC6697680
PMID: 31420538

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


875. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Int J Nanomedicine. 2019 Jun 17;14:4397-4412. doi: 10.2147/IJN.S196256. 
eCollection 2019.

IR-enhanced photothermal therapeutic effect of graphene magnetite nanocomposite 
on human liver cancer HepG2 cell model.

Salaheldin TA(1)(2), Loutfy SA(3), Ramadan MA(4), Youssef T(4), Mousa SA(1).

Author information:
(1)Pharmaceutical Research Institute, Albany College of Pharmacy and Health 
Sciences, Rensselaer, NY, USA.
(2)Nanotechnology and Advanced Materials Central Lab, Agricultural Research 
Center, Giza, Egypt.
(3)Virology and Immunology Unit, Cancer Biology Department, National Cancer 
Institute, Cairo University, Cairo, Egypt.
(4)Department of Photochemistry Photobiology, National Institute for Laser 
Enhanced Science (NILES) Cairo University, Cairo, Egypt.

Retraction in
    Int J Nanomedicine. 2022 Oct 06;17:4723-4724. doi: 10.2147/IJN.S392086.

Background: Graphene magnetite nanocomposites (G/Fe3O4) exhibit light 
photothermal conversion upon enhancement by 808 nm IR laser excitation. We 
evaluated the cytotoxic and photothermal effects of G/Fe3O4 on a HepG2 human 
liver cancer cell model. Methods: Graphene nanosheets (rGO), magnetite 
nanoparticles (Fe3O4), and G/Fe3O4 were prepared by chemical methods and 
characterized using transmission electron microscopy, Raman spectroscopy, zeta 
analysis, and vibrating sample magnemeter. Dark and light cytotoxicity were 
screened with colorimetric Sulforhodamine B cell viability assay after 24 and 48 
hours. DNA fragmentation and some apoptotic genes on a transcriptional RNA level 
expression were performed. All prepared nanomaterials were evaluated for their 
photothermal effect at concentrations of 10 and 50 µg/mL. The power density 
incident on the cells by 300 mW 808 IR diode laser was 0.597 W/cm2. Results: 
Treatment of HepG2 with 400 µg/mL of rGO, Fe3O4, and G/Fe3O4 showed alteration 
in cell morphology after 24 hours of cell treatment and revealed toxic effects 
on cellular DNA. Evaluation of the cytotoxic effects showed messenger RNA (mRNA) 
in β-actin and Bax apoptotic genes, but no expression of mRNA of caspase-3 after 
24 hours of cell exposure, suggesting the involvement of an intrinsic apoptotic 
caspase-independent pathway. A photothermal effect was observed for G/Fe3O4 
after irradiation of the HepG2 cells. A marked decrease was found in cell 
viability when treated with 10 and 50 µg/mL G/Fe3O4 from 40% to 5% after 48 
hours of cell treatment. Conclusion: Results indicate that G/Fe3O4 nanocomposite 
was effective at transformation of light into heat and is a promising candidate 
for cancer therapy.

DOI: 10.2147/IJN.S196256
PMCID: PMC6592061
PMID: 31417251 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


876. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2019 Jun 28;12:4869-4881. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S201282. 
eCollection 2019.

microRNA-564 inhibits the aggressive phenotypes of papillary thyroid cancer by 
directly targeting astrocyte-elevated gene-1.

Song Z(1), Yang H(1), Wu X(2), Kong C(2), Xu C(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Laboratory, The Third People's Hospital of Linyi, Linyi, 
Shandong 276023, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Oncology, The Third People's Hospital of Linyi, Linyi, Shandong 
276023, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Linyi Cancer Hospital, Linyi, Shandong 
276000, People's Republic of China.

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2021 Sep 24;14:4897-4898. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S340251.

Background: Accumulating evidence has revealed that an increasing number of 
microRNAs (miRNAs) are dysregulated in papillary thyroid cancer (PTC) and that 
their dysregulation plays an important role in PTC onset and progression. 
Reportedly, miRNA-564 (miR-564) is downregulated in several types of human 
cancer. However, its expression profile and specific functions in PTC remain 
unclear to date. Methods: In this study, we used reverse 
transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction to detect miR-564 
expression in PTC tissues and cell lines. Further, the regulatory roles of 
miR-564 in the malignant development of PTC in vitro and in vivo were examined 
using a series of functional experiments. In addition, the possible underlying 
mechanisms and signaling pathways involved were investigated. Results: We 
demonstrated that miR-564 expression markedly decreased in PTC tissues and cell 
lines, and this decrease correlated with the lymph node metastasis and 
tumor-node-metastasis stage. miR-564 upregulation significantly inhibited cell 
proliferation, migration, and invasion and induced cell apoptosis in vitro as 
well as hindered tumor growth in vivo. Furthermore, astrocyte-elevated gene-1 
(AEG-1) was identified as a direct target gene of miR-564 in PTC cells. Its 
expression was upregulated and inversely correlated with miR-564 expression in 
clinically PTC tissues. Additionally, the silencing of AEG-1 expression could 
imitate the action of miR-564 overexpression in PTC cells. Remarkably, the 
restoration of AEG-1 expression partially abolished the tumor-suppressing 
effects induced by a miR-564 upregulation in PTC cells. Ectopic miR-564 
expression deactivated the PTEN/Akt pathway in PTC cells in vitro and in vivo. 
Conclusion: Overall, the findings of the current study suggest that miR-564 is a 
tumor-suppressive miRNA that exerts crucial roles in the development and 
progression of PTC. Therefore, this miRNA might be a promising candidate target 
in the anticancer treatment of patients with PTC.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S201282
PMCID: PMC6607985
PMID: 31388302

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


877. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Chem. 2019 Jul 11;5(7):1892-1913. doi: 10.1016/j.chempr.2019.05.013. Epub 2019 
Jun 17.

Nanoscale Metal-Organic Framework Mediates Radical Therapy to Enhance Cancer 
Immunotherapy.

Ni K(1)(2), Aung T(1)(2), Li S(1)(3)(4), Fatuzzo N(1), Liang X(1)(3)(4), Lin 
W(1)(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Chemistry, The University of Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637, USA.
(2)These authors contributed equally to this work.
(3)Laboratory of Controllable Nanopharmaceuticals, Chinese Academy of Sciences 
(CAS) Center for Excellence in Nanoscience and CAS Key Laboratory for Biomedical 
Effects of Nanomaterials and Nanosafety, National Center for Nanoscience and 
Technology of China, No. 11 First North Road, Zhongguancun, Beijing 100190, 
People's Republic of China.
(4)University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, P. R. China.
(5)Department of Radiation and Cellular Oncology and The Ludwig Center for 
Metastasis Research, The University of Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637, USA.

Retraction in
    Chem. 2023 Mar 9;9(3):755. doi: 10.1016/j.chempr.2023.02.003.

Checkpoint blockade immunotherapy (CBI) elicits durable therapeutic responses by 
blocking T cell inhibitory pathways of tumors with pre-infiltrated T cells 
and/or high mutational burden to activate antitumor immunity but is ineffective 
against poorly immunogenic tumors. Immunogenic radiotherapy, photodynamic 
therapy (PDT), and chemotherapy have thus been examined as immunomodulatory 
adjuvants to augment CBI. Dysregulated hormone production has long been linked 
to tumorigenesis and poor prognosis of various cancers. Herein, we report the 
use of a Cu-porphyrin nanoscale metal-organic framework (nMOF) to mediate 
synergistic hormone-triggered chemodynamic therapy (CDT) and light-triggered 
PDT. The combination of CDT/PDT-based radical therapy with a programmed 
cell-death ligand 1 blockade effectively extends the local therapeutic effects 
of CDT/PDT to distant tumors via abscopal effects on mouse tumor models with 
high levels of estradiol. Our work thus establishes the feasibility of combining 
nMOF-mediated radical therapy with CBI to elicit systemic antitumor immunity in 
hormonally dysregulated tumor phenotypes.

DOI: 10.1016/j.chempr.2019.05.013
PMCID: PMC6681452
PMID: 31384694

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Interests The authors declare no 
competing interests.


878. Cancer Imaging. 2019 Aug 2;19(1):55. doi: 10.1186/s40644-019-0242-4.

Retraction Note to: Ultrasound Elastography supplement assessing nodal status of 
magnetic resonance imaging staged cervical N0 patients with nasopharyngeal 
carcinoma.

Li J(1), Han F(2), Mo Y(3), Chen X(4), Li Y(5), Zuo F(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Ultrasound, State Key Laboratory 
of Oncology in South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, 
Sun Yat-Sen University Cancer Center, No.651, Dong-feng-dong Road, Guangzhou, 
510060, China. lijian@sysucc.org.cn.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in South 
China, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Sun Yat-Sen 
University Cancer Center, No.651, Dong-feng-dong Road, Guangzhou, 510060, China.
(3)Department of Radiology, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in South China, 
Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Sun Yat-Sen University 
Cancer Center, No.651, Dong-feng-dong Road, Guangzhou, 510060, China.
(4)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Ultrasound, State Key Laboratory 
of Oncology in South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, 
Sun Yat-Sen University Cancer Center, No.651, Dong-feng-dong Road, Guangzhou, 
510060, China.
(5)Department of Pathology, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in South China, 
Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Sun Yat-Sen University 
Cancer Center, No.651, Dong-feng-dong Road, Guangzhou, 510060, China.

Retraction of
    Cancer Imaging. 2019 Mar 4;19(1):12. doi: 10.1186/s40644-019-0199-3.

The Editors have retracted this article [1] because figure 2 has been 
substantially duplicated from a previously published article by Chen B et al., 
2018 [2]. There is also significant and uncited overlap in the patient 
population between the two articles resulting in concerns relating to the 
scientific validity and novelty of the data.

DOI: 10.1186/s40644-019-0242-4
PMCID: PMC6676629
PMID: 31375145


879. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2019 Jul 8;12:5405-5414. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S207542. 
eCollection 2019.

Long noncoding RNA DLEU1 aggravates glioma progression via the miR-421/MEF2D 
axis.

Feng L(#)(1), He M(#)(1), Rao M(2), Diao J(3), Zhu Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun 130033, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Gastroenterology, The First Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun 130021, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Oncology and Hematology, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, Changchun 130033, People's Republic of China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2021 Sep 09;14:4735-4736. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S336970.

BACKGROUND: Long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) deleted in lymphocytic leukemia 1 
(DLEU1) was reported to be involved in the development and progression of 
multiple cancers. However, the accurate expression pattern, biological function 
and potential molecular mechanism of DLEU1 in glioma are not yet known. The 
present study investigated the role of DLEU in the development and progression 
of glioma, as well as the potential mechanism played by DLEU1 in glioma.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: The levels of DLEUI in glioma tissues and cell lines were 
examined using quantitative real-time PCR. The potential effects of DLEU1 on the 
proliferation, mobility, invasion and apoptosis of glioma cells were evaluated 
using corresponding in vitro experiments. The association between DLEU1 and 
microRNA (miR)-421 was also determined using luciferase reporter activity and 
RNA immunoprecipitation (RIP) assays.
RESULTS: The results revealed that DLEU1 was significantly upregulated in glioma 
tissues and cell lines. Increased DLEU1 was positively associated with the 
high-grade carcinoma (III-IV). Functional studies revealed that knockdown of 
DLEU1 expression by siRNA led to decreased proliferation, migration and invasion 
and increased apoptosis in human glioma cells. Furthermore, luciferase reporter 
activity and RIP assays confirmed that DLEUI could act as a competing endogenous 
RNA (ceRNA) for miR-421 that functioned as a tumor suppressor in glioma. 
Moreover, inhibition miR-421 partially restored the effect of DLEU1 knockdown on 
the glioma cells. DLEU1 could regulate myocyte enhancer factor 2D (MEF2D) 
expression, a known target of miR-421 in glioma cells.
CONCLUSION: Taken together, these findings suggested that DLEU1 regulated MEF2D 
expression to promote glioma progression by sponging miR-421 and that DLEU1 
might be a potential therapeutic target for glioma.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S207542
PMCID: PMC6625645
PMID: 31360066

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


880. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Open Biol. 2019 Jul 26;9(7):180227. doi: 10.1098/rsob.180227. Epub 2019 Jul 24.

Involvement of miR-4262 in paclitaxel resistance through the regulation of PTEN 
in non-small cell lung cancer.

Sun H(1), Zhou X(2), Bao Y(1), Xiong G(1), Cui Y(1), Zhou H(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thoracic Surgery, First Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical 
University, Kunming, Yunnan 650032, People's Republic of China.
(2)Clinical Medicine 2015, Second Clinical Medical College of Fujian Medical 
University, Quanzhou, Fujian 362000, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Oncology Radiotherapy, First Affiliated Hospital of Kunming 
Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan 650032, People's Republic of China.

Retraction in
    Open Biol. 2023 Nov;13(11):230402. doi: 10.1098/rsob.230402.

Expression of concern in
    Open Biol. 2023 Aug;13(8):230301. doi: 10.1098/rsob.230301.

Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is considered to be the primary cause of 
cancer-related mortalities worldwide. Paclitaxel (PTX), either as a monotherapy 
or in combination with other drugs, is an alternative therapy for advanced 
NSCLC. However, cancer cell resistance against PTX represents a major clinical 
problem. This study aimed to investigate the role and underlying mechanism of 
miR-4262 in PTX-resistant NSCLC. The levels of miR-4262 were analysed by 
quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. A luciferase 
reporter assay and bioinformatics were used to explore the potential target gene 
of miR-4262. Regulation of miR-4262 and PTEN expressions in NSCLC was conducted 
by transfection. PTX-resistant A549 and H1299 cells were established by stepwise 
screening through increasing the PTX concentration in the cultures. In vivo, 
tumorigenesis experiments were used to explore the effects of miR-4262 and PTX. 
Cell proliferation, apoptosis and cell migration were detected using a CCK-8 
assay, flow cytometry and Transwell migration assay, respectively. PI3 K/Akt 
pathway-related proteins were detected by western blot. miR-4262 expression was 
significantly upregulated in NSCLC tissues and cell lines, and miR-4262 targeted 
PTEN. In addition, miR-4262 induced PTX chemoresistance by promoting survival 
and migration in A549/PTX and H1299/PTX cells. Moreover, miR-4262 expression and 
PI3 K/Akt signalling pathway-related proteins were upregulated and PTEN was 
downregulated in A549/PTX and H1299/PTX. Our results indicate that miR-4262 
enhances PTX resistance in NSCLC cells through targeting PTEN and activating the 
PI3 K/Akt signalling pathway. The inhibition of miR-4262 expression might be an 
improved treatment to overcome PTX resistance in NSCLC.

DOI: 10.1098/rsob.180227
PMCID: PMC6685930
PMID: 31337279 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: We have no competing interests.


881. 3D Print Med. 2019 Jul 22;5(1):10. doi: 10.1186/s41205-019-0045-z.

Novel design and development of a 3D-printed conformal superficial brachytherapy 
device for the treatment of non-melanoma skin cancer and keloids.

Chmura J(1)(2), Erdman A(3), Ehler E(4), Lawrence J(5), Wilke CT(4), Rogers 
B(4), Ferreira C(4).

Author information:
(1)Biomedical Engineering Department, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN, 
USA. jennchm@gmail.com.
(2)Medical Devices Center, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN, USA. 
jennchm@gmail.com.
(3)Medical Devices Center, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN, USA.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Minnesota Medical School, 
Minneapolis, MN, USA.
(5)Department of Veterinary Clinical Sciences, University of Minnesota, St Paul, 
MN, USA.

BACKGROUND: Skin tumors are the most predominant form of cancer in the United 
States. Radiation therapy, particularly high dose-rate (HDR) brachytherapy, 
provides an effective form of cancer control when surgery is not possible or 
when surgical margins are incomplete. The treatment of superficial skin cancers 
on irregular surfaces, such as the nose, lips or ears, present challenges for 
treatment. To address this issue, we designed and constructed a novel conformal 
superficial brachytherapy (CSBT) device prototype to improve patient-specific 
treatment for complex sites. The device is mounted on an automated remote 
after-loader, providing limited radiation exposure to operating personnel, is 
inexpensive to construct, and offers a unique method of conformal surface 
radiation therapy.
RESULTS: A prototype of the CSBT device was successfully manufactured. A 
computed tomography (CT) scan of a Rando phantom was used to plan the target 
treatment area. The CSBT device has a hexagonal lattice array of retractable 
rods with radioactive seeds placed at the tip of each rod. A 3D-printed 
conformal shape insert with a hexagonal array of cylindrical projections of 
varying length is driven into the rods by a single linear actuator. The rods are 
displaced to conform to the patient's skin. This elegant device design permits 
the delivery of radiation to complex targets using readily available 
beta-emitting radionuclides, such as Yttrium-90 (Y-90) or Strontium-90 (Sr-90).
CONCLUSION: A working prototype of a novel CSBT device was built using 
3D-printing technology that provides a safe and economically attractive means of 
improving radiation delivery to complex treatment sites.

DOI: 10.1186/s41205-019-0045-z
PMCID: PMC6743259
PMID: 31332545

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests. None of the authors has any relationship with Stratasys.


882. Oper Neurosurg (Hagerstown). 2019 Nov 1;17(5):E208-E209. doi: 
10.1093/ons/opz016.

Contralateral Interhemispheric Transfalcine Approach for Intra-Axial Medial 
Occipital Lesion: 2-Dimensional Operative Video.

Zhao X(1), Cavallo C(1), Labib MA(1), Borba Moreira L(1), Lee M(1), Liebelt 
BD(1), Nakaji P(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Barrow Neurological Institute, St. Joseph's 
Hospital and Medical Center, Phoenix, Arizona.

Erratum in
    Oper Neurosurg (Hagerstown). 2019 Oct 1;17(4):442. doi: 10.1093/ons/opz229.

Safe access to intra-axial mesial cortical lesions is challenging. When 
approached through standard transcortical approaches, normal white matter tracts 
such as the superior longitudinal fasciculus, corona radiata, and optic 
radiations may be violated en route to the lesion. Conversely, use of 
ipsilateral interhemispheric approaches necessitates retraction and manipulation 
of edematous and friable perilesional tissue. The contralateral interhemispheric 
transfalcine (CIHTF) approach may circumvent these challenges. The CIHTF 
approach uses a gravity-created window between the ipsilateral hemisphere and 
the falx and allows direct access contralaterally by opening the falx. We 
demonstrate the CIHTF approach for an intra-axial, medial occipital/precuneus 
lesion in a 69-yr-old man presenting with left homonymous hemianopia. MRI 
revealed a heterogeneously enhancing intra-axial lesion in the right mesial 
occipital lobe. After the patient gave voluntary informed consent, a CIHTF 
approach was planned, with the patient positioned laterally, right side up (IRB 
approval was unnecessary). A lumber drain facilitated gravity autoretraction of 
the ipsilateral lobe. Within the created trajectory, the falx was opened with 
use of a nerve hook attached to monopolar electrocautery. The contralateral 
lesion was visualized and removed piecemeal with the assistance of fluorescence 
imaging. Postoperative MRI showed complete removal. The patient reported a 
significant vision improvement. The diagnosis was metastatic adenocarcinoma from 
the lung; subsequent radiosurgery was recommended. MRI at the 8-mo follow-up 
revealed no recurrence of the lesion. The CIHTF approach is feasible for a 
mesial intra-axial lesion because it offers gravity autoretraction, a large 
working angle, and avoidance of parenchymal swelling. Used with permission from 
Barrow Neurological Institute.

Copyright © 2019 by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons.

DOI: 10.1093/ons/opz016
PMID: 31328234


883. Biochem J. 2019 Aug 9;476(15):2173-2190. doi: 10.1042/BCJ20170519.

Dissecting the cytochrome c(2)-reaction centre interaction in bacterial 
photosynthesis using single molecule force spectroscopy.

Vasilev C(1), Mayneord GE(1), Brindley AA(1), Johnson MP(1), Hunter CN(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, University of Sheffield, 
Sheffield S10 2TN, U.K.
(2)Department of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, University of Sheffield, 
Sheffield S10 2TN, U.K. c.n.hunter@sheffield.ac.uk.

The reversible docking of small, diffusible redox proteins onto a membrane 
protein complex is a common feature of bacterial, mitochondrial and 
photosynthetic electron transfer (ET) chains. Spectroscopic studies of ensembles 
of such redox partners have been used to determine ET rates and dissociation 
constants. Here, we report a single-molecule analysis of the forces that 
stabilise transient ET complexes. We examined the interaction of two components 
of bacterial photosynthesis, cytochrome c2 and the reaction centre (RC) complex, 
using dynamic force spectroscopy and PeakForce quantitative nanomechanical 
imaging. RC-LH1-PufX complexes, attached to silicon nitride AFM probes and 
maintained in a photo-oxidised state, were lowered onto a silicon oxide 
substrate bearing dispersed, immobilised and reduced cytochrome c2 molecules. 
Microscale patterns of cytochrome c2 and the cyan fluorescent protein were used 
to validate the specificity of recognition between tip-attached RCs and 
surface-tethered cytochrome c2 Following the transient association of 
photo-oxidised RC and reduced cytochrome c2 molecules, retraction of the 
RC-functionalised probe met with resistance, and forces between 112 and 887 pN 
were required to disrupt the post-ET RC-c2 complex, depending on the retraction 
velocities used. If tip-attached RCs were reduced instead, the probability of 
interaction with reduced cytochrome c2 molecules decreased 5-fold. Thus, the 
redox states of the cytochrome c2 haem cofactor and RC 'special pair' 
bacteriochlorophyll dimer are important for establishing a productive ET 
complex. The millisecond persistence of the post-ET cytochrome 
c2[oxidised]-RC[reduced] 'product' state is compatible with rates of cyclic 
photosynthetic ET, at physiologically relevant light intensities.

© 2019 The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1042/BCJ20170519
PMCID: PMC6688529
PMID: 31320503 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The Authors declare that there are no competing 
interests associated with the manuscript.


884. RETRACTED ARTICLE

RSC Adv. 2019 Jul 18;9(39):22376-22383. doi: 10.1039/c9ra01785b. eCollection 
2019 Jul 17.

Retracted Article: RNA-sequencing identified miR-3681 as a negative regulator in 
the proliferation and migration of cervical cancer cells via the 
posttranscriptional suppression of HGFR.

Shi F(1), Zhang Y(1), Wang J(1), Su J(1), Liu Z(1), Wang T(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xi'an 
Jiaotong University 277 Yanta West Road Xi'an Shaanxi 710061 P. R. China 
taowang_md@163.com +86-029-85324019.

Retraction in
    RSC Adv. 2021 Jan 27;11(9):5230. doi: 10.1039/d1ra90052h.

In this study, RNA-sequencing was used to investigate the differentially 
expressed miRNAs between cervical cancer tissues and matched adjacent non-tumor 
tissues. Five miRNAs were sharply downregulated in the cancer tissue, including 
miR-199a, miR-22, miR-615, miR-3681-3p (miR-3681), and miR-1193. Among them, 
miR-3681 was uncharacterized. The results from qPCR analysis showed that 
miR-3681 expression was decreased in patients with cervical cancer compared with 
the control, and decreased in the human cervical cancer cell lines SiHa, HeLa, 
C4-1, C-33A and Caski, compared with the normal human cervical epithelial cell 
line HCerEpic. Then, different concentrations of miR-3681 mimic and miR-3681 
inhibitor were respectively transfected into the human cervical cancer cell line 
C-33A, and the expression of miR-3681, cell proliferation, cell apoptosis and 
cell migration were measured after 48 h. The results showed that the miR-3681 
mimic increased the miR-3681 level, suppressed cell proliferation and migration, 
and induced cell apoptosis in a dose-dependent manner. In contrast, the miR-3681 
inhibitor decreased the miR-3681 level, promoted cell proliferation and 
migration, and inhibited cell apoptosis in a dose-dependent manner. Moreover, 
bioinformatics analysis showed that there was a miR-3681 binding site in the 
mRNA 3'UTR of HGFR, which was robustly upregulated in cervical cancer cell lines 
compared with HCerEpic cells. In addition, luciferase activity analysis 
demonstrated that miR-3681 could directly target HGFR, which promoted the 
proliferation and migration of C-33A cells via activation of the PI3K/Akt 
pathway in a dose-dependent manner. Furthermore, our results showed that 
knockdown of HGFR could antagonize the promotion of anti-miR-3681 on the 
activation of the PI3K/Akt pathway and cell proliferation and migration. In 
conclusion, MiR-3681 was identified as a negative regulator in the proliferation 
and migration of cervical cancer cells. This function is associated with the 
posttranscriptional suppression of HGFR and the deactivation of the PI3K/Akt 
pathway.

This journal is © The Royal Society of Chemistry.

DOI: 10.1039/c9ra01785b
PMCID: PMC9066695
PMID: 35519460

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


885. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cell Physiol. 2020 Feb;235(2):1711-1722. doi: 10.1002/jcp.29090. Epub 2019 Jul 
15.

Long noncoding RNA HCG22 suppresses proliferation and metastasis of bladder 
cancer cells by regulation of PTBP1.

Jiang D(1), Zhang Y(2), Yang L(3), Lu W(4), Mai L(5), Guo H(5), Liu X(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Urology, The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen 
University, Zhuhai, China.
(2)Department of Interventional Radiology, The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun 
Yat-sen University, Zhuhai, China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy for Abdominal Neoplasms, The Fifth Affiliated 
Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University, Zhuhai, China.
(4)Department of Ultrasound, The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen 
University, Zhuhai, China.
(5)Department of Gastroenterology, The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen 
University, Zhuhai, China.
(6)Department of Hepatobiliary Surgery, The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun 
Yat-sen University, Zhuhai, China.

Retraction in
    J Cell Physiol. 2022 Apr;237(4):2289. doi: 10.1002/jcp.30584.

Multifarious biological functions of long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) have been 
reported in various cancers including bladder cancer (BCa). This study aims to 
determine the biological role of a certain lncRNA in BCa. Consistent with the 
data of The Cancer Genome Atlas database, it was validated that lncRNA HLA 
complex group 22 (HCG22) was weakly expressed in BCa samples and lowly expressed 
HCG22 was closely correlated with low overall survival of the BCa patient. To 
verify the role of HCG22 in BCa progression, functional experiments were carried 
out in two representative BCa cells (J82 and T24) and the negative effects of 
HCG22 expression on the cell proliferation, migration, and 
epithelial-mesenchymal transition were identified. Mechanistically, 
polypyrimidine tract-binding protein 1 (PTBP1), which was highly expressed in 
BCa tissues and cell lines, was negatively regulated by HCG22 and the 
PTBP1-mediated Warburg effect was also obstructed by HCG22. Furthermore, HCG22 
modulated the expression of PTBP1 through destabilizing human antigen R (HuR). 
And functional rescue assays confirmed that HCG22 functioned in bladder cancer 
through downregulating PTBP1. In conclusion, the present study revealed that 
HCG22 inhibited BCa progression via the HuR/PTBP1 axis, opening new prospects 
for potent therapeutic regimens for BCa patients.

© 2019 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/jcp.29090
PMID: 31304601 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


886. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biosci Rep. 2019 Jul 25;39(7):BSR20191050. doi: 10.1042/BSR20191050. Print 2019 
Jul 31.

Long non-coding RNA SNHG1 protects human AC16 cardiomyocytes from doxorubicin 
toxicity by regulating miR-195/Bcl-2 axis.

Chen S(1)(2)(3), Wang J(4)(2)(3), Zhou Y(4)(2)(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cardiology, Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University, Wuhan 430060, 
China chensisi6617@163.com.
(2)Cardiovascular Research Institute, Wuhan University, Wuhan 430060, China.
(3)Hubei Key Laboratory of Cardiology, Wuhan 430060, China.
(4)Department of Cardiology, Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University, Wuhan 430060, 
China.

Retraction in
    Biosci Rep. 2023 Jan 31;43(1):BSR-2019-1050_RET. doi: 
10.1042/BSR-2019-1050_RET.

Doxorubicin (DOX) is a highly effective anti-tumor drug, but its cardiotoxicity 
largely restricts its clinical application. The present study was designed to 
explore whether in vitro DOX toxicity in AC16 cardiomyocytes can be regulated by 
long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) small nucleolar RNA host gene 1 (SNHG1) and to 
elucidate the underlying mechanisms. We found that DOX treatment led to severe 
damage in AC16 cells through decreasing cell viability and increasing cell 
apoptosis. DOX treatment also reduced the expression of SNHG1 in AC16 cells, and 
overexpression of SNHG1 alleviated the increased apoptosis in DOX-treated AC16 
cells. Moreover, we found that SNHG1 could counteract the inhibitory effect of 
miR-195 on Bcl-2, and miR-195 restoration blocked the beneficial effect of SNHG1 
against DOX toxicity in AC16 cells. In short, the present study provided 
convincing evidence that SNHG1 protects human AC16 cardiomyocytes from DOX 
toxicity partly by regulating miR-195/Bcl-2 axis.

© 2019 The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1042/BSR20191050
PMCID: PMC6658721
PMID: 31300525 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no competing 
interests associated with the manuscript.


887. J Craniofac Surg. 2019 Jul;30(5):1448-1451. doi: 10.1097/SCS.0000000000005437.

Ophthalmic Changes Following Maxillectomy With or Without Postoperative 
Radiation Therapy.

Sweeney AR(1), Walker B(2), Bhrany AD(3), Chang SH(1), Jian-Amadi A(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Ophthalmology, Division of Oculoplastic Surgery.
(2)University of Washington School of Medicine.
(3)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, University of Washington, 
Seattle, WA.

PURPOSE: To evaluate ophthalmic complications and quantitatively assess anatomic 
changes following maxillectomy with or without adjuvant radiotherapy in patients 
with midface malignancy.
METHODS: Twenty-four patients who underwent maxillectomy for sinus and/or 
paranasal cancer were included for retrospective review. Patients with complete 
ophthalmic examinations were evaluated for postoperative findings corresponding 
to sequelae of treatment. When available, anatomical changes including eyelid 
position were quantified from preoperative and postoperative full-face photos 
using computer software.
RESULTS: The most common complications identified in patients after maxillectomy 
were retraction/ectropion (50%), epiphora (29%), and exposure keratopathy/dry 
eye syndrome (25%). Patients treated with maxillectomy with adjuvant radiation 
therapy were more frequently found to have ophthalmic complications following 
treatment. In patients with available postoperative photos (n = 10), the mean 
ipsilateral margin reflex distance (MRD)2 and inferior scleral show were 8.4 mm 
and 2.4 mm, respectively. In patients with available preoperative photos 
(n = 5), the mean change in MRD2 and inferior scleral show following 
maxillectomy was 3.4 mm and 2.8 mm, respectively.
CONCLUSION: Patients undergoing maxillectomy for the treatment of head and neck 
malignancy may be at significant risk for development of specific periocular 
complications. Lower eyelid malposition was the most significant postoperative 
quantitative eyelid change following maxillectomy, which may be exacerbated by 
adjuvant radiotherapy and inferior orbital rim removal.

DOI: 10.1097/SCS.0000000000005437
PMID: 31299741 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


888. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2019 Jun;23(12):5215-5222. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_201906_18186.

MicroRNA-29 targets FGF2 and inhibits the proliferation, migration and invasion 
of nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells via PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.

Xu M(1), Tian GL, Hao CC, Shi M, Zha DJ, Liang K.

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Air Force Medical University, Xi'an, 
Shaanxi, China. liangkun47@yahoo.com.

Retraction in
    Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2020 Jul;24(13):7199. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202007_21849.

OBJECTIVE: Studies have indicated that miRNAs may prove essential therapeutic 
targets for the treatment of cancer. The study was designed to investigate the 
role and therapeutic potential of miR-29 in nasopharyngeal cancer.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: The quantitative Real-time polymerase chain reaction 
(qRT-PCR) was used for expression analysis. WST-1 assay was used for cell 
viability assessment. The 4',6-diamidino-2-phenylindole (DAPI) staining and 
electron microscopic analysis was used for the detection of apoptosis and 
autophagy, respectively. Transwell assays were used for cell migration and 
invasion assay.
RESULTS: It was found that miR-29 is significantly downregulated in 
nasopharyngeal cancer cell lines. Overexpression of miR-29 causes decrease in 
the viability of CNE2 nasopharyngeal cancer cells via induction of apoptosis and 
autophagy. Bioinformatics analysis indicated FGF2 to be the target of miR-29 in 
CNE2 cells, which was also confirmed by luciferase reporter assay. The qRT-PCR 
results showed fibroblast growth factor 2 (FGF2) to be significantly upregulated 
in the nasopharyngeal cancer cell lines. However, miR-29 overexpression in CNE2 
cells resulted in post-transcriptional suppression of FGF2 expression. 
Nonetheless, silencing of FGF2 also caused inhibition of CNE2 cell proliferation 
via induction of apoptosis and autophagy. Overexpression of FGF2 could reverse 
the effects of miR-29 overexpression on the proliferation of CNE2 cells. 
Moreover, overexpression of miR-29 causes significant decline in the 
phosphorylation of PI3K and AKT expression cells and inhibits their migration 
and invasion of the CNE2 cells. Finally, miR-29 overexpression could also 
suppress the subcutaneous xenografted tumor growth.
CONCLUSIONS: The findings of the present study indicate the therapeutic 
implications of miR-29 in nasopharyngeal carcinoma.

DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_201906_18186
PMID: 31298371


889. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2019 Sep;26(26):26593-26604. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-019-05873-w. Epub 2019 Jul 10.

Visible-light-driven elimination of oxytetracycline and Escherichia coli using 
magnetic La-doped TiO(2)/copper ferrite/diatomite composite.

Chen Y(1), Wu Q(1), Wang J(2), Song Y(3).

Author information:
(1)College of Environment, Liaoning University, Shenyang, 110036, People's 
Republic of China.
(2)College of Chemistry, Liaoning University, Shenyang, 110036, People's 
Republic of China. wangjunlnu@hotmail.com.
(3)College of Environment, Liaoning University, Shenyang, 110036, People's 
Republic of China. 1310243@stu.neu.edu.cn.

Retraction in
    Environ Sci Pollut Res Int. 2022 Mar;29(11):16782. doi: 
10.1007/s11356-022-18840-9.

The development of powdery photocatalyst has long been studied, yet the low 
recovery in water is still its bottleneck. In this work, magnetic recyclable 
lanthanum-doped TiO2/copper ferrite/diatomite (La-TCD) ternary composite was 
synthesized via sol-gel method. The physicochemical properties of various hybrid 
catalysts were characterized and studied, and their photocatalytic properties 
were evaluated via the decomposition of antibiotic oxytetracycline and 
disinfection of bacteria Escherichia coli under visible light. The formation of 
heterojunction between La-doped TiO2 and copper ferrite hindered the 
recombination of photo-induced charge carriers and improved the photocatalytic 
activity. The photodecomposition rate of OTC was accelerated by the high 
adsorption ability of diatomite, due to the adsorption and decomposition 
synergistic effect between catalysts and substrate diatomite. The optimal La 
dopant amount as well as optimal catalyst dosage was determined. The composite 
could simply be recovered from waterbody via an external magnet, and the 
repetition tests indicated no obvious decrease of photoactivity. This 
nanocomposite presented good potential to be applied in environmental 
remediation process, due to its high photocatalytic efficiency under visible 
light, as well as its good reusability and stability.

DOI: 10.1007/s11356-019-05873-w
PMID: 31292873 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


890. Oncotarget. 2019 Jun 25;10(41):4252. doi: 10.18632/oncotarget.27064. eCollection 
2019 Jun 25.

Retraction: Activation of endoplasmic reticulum stress promotes autophagy and 
apoptosis and reverses chemoresistance of human small cell lung cancer cells by 
inhibiting the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway.

Yu XS(1), Du J(1)(2), Fan YJ(3), Liu FJ(1), Cao LL(2), Liang N(1), Xu DG(1), 
Zhang JD(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Provincial Qianfoshan Hospital, 
Shandong University, Jinan 250014, P.R. China.
(2)Medical Research Center, Shandong Provincial Qianfoshan Hospital, Shandong 
University, Jinan 250014, P.R. China.
(3)Medical Management Service Center of Shandong Provincial Health and Family 
Planning Commission, Jinan 250014, P.R. China.

Retraction of
    Oncotarget. 2016 Nov 22;7(47):76827-76839. doi: 10.18632/oncotarget.12718.

[This retracts the article DOI: 10.18632/oncotarget.12718.].

DOI: 10.18632/oncotarget.27064
PMCID: PMC6609247
PMID: 31289623


891. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Health Phys. 2019 Dec;117(6):648-655. doi: 10.1097/HP.0000000000001112.

Monitoring Electromagnetic Radiation Emissions in Buildings and Developing 
Strategies for Improved Indoor Environmental Quality.

Weldu YW(1), Mannan M(1), Al-Ghamdi SG(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Division of Sustainable Development, College of Science and Engineering, 
Hamad Bin Khalifa University.
(2)ORCID ID 0000-0002-7416-5153.

Retraction in
    Health Phys. 2020 Jun;118(6):715. doi: 10.1097/HP.0000000000001296.

Electronic devices have become ubiquitous in daily life, but they emit 
electromagnetic radiation, which may have negative health impacts at excessive 
levels. Little is known regarding the impact of radiation emissions on building 
occupants or strategies for reducing its intensity. This study applied a novel 
approach using system analysis to quantify radiation exposure in building 
spaces, examine building material responses to radiation propagation, and 
investigate risks to human health in the country of Qatar. Radiation intensity 
levels varied based on the location and type of building space. Different types 
of construction materials showed varied responses to electromagnetic field wave 
propagation. Drywall exhibited the best blocking effect, whereas glass and 
lumber walls exhibited poor blocking effects. The field strengths quantified in 
this study are less than the corresponding reference values specified by some 
jurisdictions, but they are still significantly higher than the safety levels 
defined in many other countries, which could result in significant health risks. 
The key strategies for improving indoor environmental quality include the use of 
shielding materials, spatial design, reduction of exposure time, increased 
exposure distance, and complete avoidance of exposure in sensitive areas.

DOI: 10.1097/HP.0000000000001112
PMID: 31283546 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


892. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cardiovasc Pharmacol. 2019 Jul;74(1):30-37. doi: 10.1097/FJC.0000000000000679.

Cinnamaldehyde Ameliorates High-Glucose-Induced Oxidative Stress and 
Cardiomyocyte Injury Through Transient Receptor Potential Ankyrin 1.

Wang D(1)(2), Hou J(1)(2), Yang Y(1)(2), Zhou P(1)(2), Liu S(1)(2), Wan J(1)(2), 
Wang P(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cardiology, The First Affiliated Hospital, Chengdu Medical 
College, Chengdu, Sichuan, China.
(2)Key Laboratory of Aging and Vascular Homeostasis of Sichuan Higher Education 
Institutes, Chengdu, Sichuan, China.

Retraction in
    J Cardiovasc Pharmacol. 2020 Sep;76(3):366. doi: 
10.1097/FJC.0000000000000884.

Oxidative stress plays a critical role in diabetic cardiomyopathy. Transient 
receptor potential ankyrin subtype 1 (TRPA1) has antioxidative property. In this 
study, we tested whether activation of TRPA1 with cinnamaldehyde protects 
against high-glucose-induced cardiomyocyte injury. Cinnamaldehyde remarkably 
decreased high-glucose-induced mitochondrial superoxide overproduction, 
upregulation of nitrotyrosine, P22, and P47, and apoptosis in cultured H9C2 
cardiomyocytes (P < 0.01), which were abolished by a TRPA1 antagonist HC030031 
(P < 0.01). Nrf2 and its induced genes heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1), glutathione 
peroxidase-1 (GPx-1), and quinone oxidoreductase-1 (NQO-1) were slightly 
increased by high glucose (P < 0.01) and further upregulated by cinnamaldehyde 
(P < 0.05 or P < 0.01). Feeding with cinnamaldehyde (0.02%)-containing diet for 
12 weeks significantly decreased cardiac nitrotyrosine levels (P < 0.01), 
fibrosis, and cardiomyocyte hypertrophy (P < 0.05), while increased expression 
of antioxidative enzymes (HO-1, GPx-1, NQO-1, and catalase) (P < 0.01) in the 
myocardial tissue of db/db diabetic mice. These results suggest that 
cinnamaldehyde protects against high-glucose-induced oxidative damage of 
cardiomyocytes likely through the TRPA1/Nrf2 pathway.

DOI: 10.1097/FJC.0000000000000679
PMID: 31274840 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


893. Cureus. 2019 Apr 9;11(4):e4411. doi: 10.7759/cureus.4411.

Novel Score-based Decision Approach in Chronic Myeloid Leukemia Patients After 
Acute Toxic Imatinib-induced Liver Injury.

Lopina N(1), Dmytrenko I(2), Hamov D(3), Lopin D(4), Dyagil I(5).

Author information:
(1)Internal Medicine and Endocrinology, Kharkiv National Medical University, 
Kharkiv, UKR.
(2)Hematology and Transplantology, National Research Center for Radiation 
Medicine of the National Academy of Medical Sciences of Ukraine, Kyiv, UKR.
(3)Hematology, Cherkasy Regional Oncology Dispensary of Cherkasy Regional 
Council, Cherkassy, UKR.
(4)Internal Medicine, SI Zaitsev V.t Institute of General and Urgent Surgery of 
National Academy of Medical Science of Ukraine, Kharkiv, UKR.
(5)Radiation Oncohematology and Stem Cell Transplantation, National Research 
Center for Radiation Medicine of the National Academy of Medical Sciences of 
Ukraine, Kyiv, UKR.

The tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) imatinib in rare cases can cause acute toxic 
hepatitis, hepatic failure, and death. Currently, the choice of further chronic 
myeloid leukemia (CML) therapy in patients after acute hepatotoxicity is still a 
difficult question, which requires a complex individual approach based on the 
clinical guidelines of adverse event management. Data about the further 
follow-up strategy approach in patients with CML after acute toxic 
imatinib-induced liver injury are of concern, and at times controversial. In 
addition, one of the questions is about the necessity and safety of the imatinib 
therapy resumption after acute hepatotoxicity. In some publications, imatinib 
resumption without the recurrence of hepatotoxicity has been discussed; in 
others, imatinib resumption with the recurrence of imatinib hepatotoxicity has 
been mentioned. There are a few publications about the experience of 
administration of the second-line TKIs after acute imatinib hepatotoxicity. 
There are no clear data on which factors the physician's decision should be 
based on in patients with CML after acute toxic imatinib-induced liver injury. 
Imatinib should be restarted or withdrawn, when and for whom second-line therapy 
should be started. The physician's decision is usually based on the published 
data of similar cases, personal experience, and the severity of hepatotoxicity. 
We have discussed the clinical guidelines devoted to the peculiarities of the 
patient's management after acute toxic imatinib-induced hepatitis and main 
strategy approaches. A complex score-based decision algorithm for choosing the 
further strategy approach after acute toxic imatinib-induced hepatitis in 
patients with CML has been presented. The following parameters should be 
assessed: the grade of hepatotoxicity reaction, the presence of 
liver transplantation or imatinib-induced liver cirrhosis and its possible 
pathogenetic mechanism, the presence of early molecular response (EMR) to 
imatinib therapy defined as three-month BCR-ABL1 ≤10% according to the 
international scale (BCR-ABL1IS ) or/and six-month BCR-ABL1 IS <1%; and the 
presence of the offender concomitant drug that probably caused the drug 
interaction with imatinib and the presence of viral hepatitis reactivation 
identified by polymerase chain reaction (PCR).

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.4411
PMCID: PMC6559390
PMID: 31245199

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


894. Laryngoscope Investig Otolaryngol. 2019 May 10;4(3):341-346. doi: 
10.1002/lio2.273. eCollection 2019 Jun.

Functional Modules of Pharyngeal Swallowing Mechanics.

Hosseini P(1), Tadavarthi Y(1), Martin-Harris B(2)(3)(4), Pearson WG Jr(5)(6).

Author information:
(1)Medical College of Georgia (MCG) Augusta University Augusta Georgia U.S.A.
(2)Department of Communication Sciences and Disorders School of Communication, 
Northwestern University Evanston Illinois U.S.A.
(3)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Feinberg School of 
Medicine, Northwestern University Chicago Illinois U.S.A.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology Feinberg School of Medicine, Northwestern 
University Chicago Illinois U.S.A.
(5)Department of Cellular Biology and Anatomy MCG, Augusta University Augusta 
Georgia U.S.A.
(6)Department of Otolaryngology MCG, Augusta University Augusta Georgia U.S.A.

OBJECTIVES: The present retrospective cohort study aims to test the hypothesis 
that elements of swallowing mechanics including hyoid movement, laryngeal 
elevation, tongue base retraction, pharyngeal shortening, pharyngeal 
constriction, and head and neck extension can be grouped into functional 
modules, and that these modules are predictably altered in disease states.
METHODS: Modified barium swallow video clips of a thick and a thin liquid 
swallow from 40 normal patients and 10 dysphagic post-treatment oropharyngeal 
head-and-neck cancer (HNC) patients were used in this study. Coordinate 
locations of 12 anatomical landmarks mapping pharyngeal swallowing mechanics 
were tracked on every frame during the pharyngeal phase of each swallow using a 
custom-made MATLAB tool. Morphometric modularity hypothesis testing was 
performed on these coordinate data to characterize the modular elements of 
swallowing function in each cohort using MorphoJ software.
RESULTS: The elements of normal swallowing can be grouped into four functional 
modules including bolus propulsion, pharyngeal shortening, airway protection, 
and head and neck posture. Modularity in HNC patient showed an intact airway 
protection module but altered bolus propulsion and pharyngeal shortening 
modules. To cross-validate the alteration in modules, a post hoc analysis was 
performed, which showed significantly increased vallecular (P < .04) and 
piriform (P < .05) residue but no significant change in aspiration status in the 
HNC cohort versus controls.
CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that while pharyngeal swallowing mechanics is 
highly complex, the system is organized into functional modules, and that 
changes in modularity impacts swallowing performance. This approach to 
understanding swallowing function may help the patient care team better address 
swallowing difficulties.
LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: 2b.

DOI: 10.1002/lio2.273
PMCID: PMC6580054
PMID: 31236469


895. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Aust J Gen Pract. 2019 Jun;48(6):368-372. doi: 10.31128/AJGP-01-19-4825.

Management of invasive melanoma.

Dixon AJ(1), Steinman HK(2), Nirenberg A(3), Dixon ZL(4), Anderson S(5), Dixon 
JB(6).

Author information:
(1)PhD, MBBS, FACRRM, MAOCD, Director of Education, Australasian College of 
Cutaneous Oncology, Docklands, Vic; Honorary Professor, American Osteopathic 
College of Dermatology, Kirksville, Missouri, USA.
(2)MD, FAAD, Dermatologist and Mohs surgeon, US Dermatology Partners, Grapevine, 
Texas, USA; Associate Professor, Department of Surgery, Campbell University, 
Lillington, North Carolina, USA; International Director, Australasian College of 
Cutaneous Oncology, Docklands, Vic.
(3)MBBS, BSc, FRCPath, FRCPA, FIAC, Diploma in Dermatopathology, Director, 
Australasian College of Cutaneous Oncology, Docklands, Vic; Dermatopathologist, 
Dorevitch Pathology,@ Melbourne, Vic; Board Member, Australian Dermatopathology 
Society, Sydney, NSW.
(4)Occupational therapy student, Australian Catholic University, Melbourne, Vic.
(5)MBBS, FRACGP, FARGP, General Practitioner, Maffra Medical Group, Maffra, Vic; 
Director, Australasian College of Cutaneous Oncology, Docklands, Vic.
(6)PhD, MBBS, FRACGP, FRCP Edin, Professorial Fellow, Baker Heart@and Diabetes 
Institute, Melbourne, Vic.

Retraction in
    Aust J Gen Pract 2019;48(11):743.

BACKGROUND: Maximising survival for patients with invasive melanoma hinges on 
early diagnosis of primary melanoma and appropriate management. Despite 
well-documented guidelines, many patients with melanoma have not been managed 
ideally.
OBJECTIVE: The aim of this paper is to identify suboptimal aspects of melanoma 
management.
DISCUSSION: Delayed or erroneous diagnosis is more likely to occur when a shave 
or punch biopsy is used to obtain histopathology. Wherever feasible, local 
excision with a narrow margin is the preferred biopsy choice for a suspected 
melanoma. The Breslow thickness of the primary melanoma remains the greatest 
predictor of outcome. Ulceration is associated with a poorer prognosis. Most 
invasive melanomas are managed with a margin of ≥10 mm of normal tissue. 
Patients who have developed one primary melanoma are at high risk of a second 
tumour. Ongoing management includes regular lifelong skin checks. Targeted 
approaches to improve occupational or lifestyle exposure to ultraviolet 
radiation are useful. Imaging is largely used when metastases are suspected on 
the basis of clinical symptoms or signs.

DOI: 10.31128/AJGP-01-19-4825
PMID: 31220882


896. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biosci Rep. 2019 Jul 10;39(7):BSR20182196. doi: 10.1042/BSR20182196. Print 2019 
Jul 31.

microRNA-613 exerts anti-angiogenic effect on nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells 
through inactivating the AKT signaling pathway by down-regulating FN1.

Gao R(1), Feng Q(2), Tan G(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery, The 3rd Xiangya Hospital 
of Central South University, Changsha 410013, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Otolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery, Hunan Aerospace Hospital, 
Changsha 410205, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Otolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery, The 3rd Xiangya Hospital 
of Central South University, Changsha 410013, P.R. China guolintan@163.com.

Erratum in
    Biosci Rep. 2020 Dec 23;40(12):BSR-20182196_COR. doi: 
10.1042/BSR-20182196_COR.

Retraction in
    Biosci Rep. 2021 Sep 30;41(9):BSR-20182196_RET. doi: 
10.1042/BSR-20182196_RET.

Expression of concern in
    Biosci Rep. 2020 Jul 31;40(7):BSR-20182196_EOC. doi: 
10.1042/BSR-20182196_EOC.

Background: Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is a disease highly sensitive to 
radiotherapy with the unclear etiology. However, the specific effects of 
microRNA-613 (miR-613) on NPC still remain elusive. Therefore, the present study 
probes into the underlying mechanism of miR-613 in NPC via AKT signaling pathway 
by regulating Fibronectin 1 (FN1).Methods: First, microarray analysis was used 
to screen differentially expressed genes (DEGs) and regulatory miRs associated 
with NPC. Next, miR-613 and FN1 expression in NPC cells was determined, followed 
by verification of target relationship between miR-613 and FN1. With NPC cells 
exposed to miR-613 mimic, si-FN1 and LY294002 (inhibitor of AKT signaling 
pathway), the regulatory effects of miR-613 on proliferation, apoptosis, 
invasion, migration and angiogenesis of NPC cells were detected with ratio of 
B-cell lymphoma 2/Bcl-2-associated X protein (Bcl-2/Bax), Cleaved-caspase3, 
matrix metallopeptidase 2 (MMP-2), MMP-9, vascular endothelial growth factor 
(VEGF), and cell adhesion molecule-1 (CD31) expression measured. Then, 
tumorigenesis and MVD were determined after Xenograft in nude mice.Results: FN1 
modulated by miR-613 was critical for NPC via the AKT signaling pathway. NPC 
cells exhibited down-regulated miR-613 and up-regulated FN1. Besides, miR-613 
was verified to target FN1. Moreover, overexpressed miR-613, silenced FN1 or 
LY294002 treatment suppressed proliferation, invasion, migration, and 
angiogenesis in NPC cells, which was indicated by reduced expression of AKT, 
mTOR, MMP-2, MMP-9, VEGF, and CD31 as well as decreased ratio of Bcl-2/Bax and 
increased expression of Cleaved-caspase3. Furthermore, cell apoptosis was 
promoted and tumorigenesis and MVD in nude mice were inhibited with 
overexpression of miR-613, silenced FN1 or LY294002 treatment.Conclusion: Taken 
together, miR-613 inhibits angiogenesis in NPC cells through inactivating 
FN1-dependent AKT signaling pathway.

© 2019 The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1042/BSR20182196
PMCID: PMC6620386
PMID: 31189740 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no competing 
interests associated with the manuscript.


897. Pain Pract. 2019 Sep;19(7):751-761. doi: 10.1111/papr.12806. Epub 2019 Jul 19.

A Randomized Controlled Trial to Evaluate the Effect of Pulsed Radiofrequency as 
a Treatment for Anterior Cutaneous Nerve Entrapment Syndrome in Comparison to 
Anterior Neurectomy.

Maatman RC(1)(2), van Kuijk SMJ(3), Steegers MAH(4), Boelens OBA(5), Lim TC(6), 
Scheltinga MRM(1)(2), Roumen RMH(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Surgery, Máxima Medical Center, Veldhoven, The Netherlands.
(2)SolviMáx, Center of Expertise for ACNES, Center of Excellence for Chronic 
Abdominal Wall and Groin Pain, Máxima Medical Center, Eindhoven, The 
Netherlands.
(3)Department of Clinical Epidemiology and Medical Technology Assessment 
(KEMTA), MUMC+, Maastricht, The Netherlands.
(4)Department of Anaesthesiology & Pain and Palliative Care, Radboud University 
Medical Centre, Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
(5)Department of Surgery, Maas Pantein Hospital, Boxmeer, The Netherlands.
(6)Department of Anaesthesiology & Pain and Palliative Care, Máxima Medical 
Centre, Veldhoven, The Netherlands.

BACKGROUND: Chronic abdominal pain can be due to entrapped intercostal nerves 
(anterior cutaneous nerve entrapment syndrome [ACNES]). If abdominal wall 
infiltration using an anesthetic agent is unsuccessful, a neurectomy may be 
considered. Pulsed radiofrequency (PRF) applies an electric field around the tip 
of the cannula near the affected nerve to induce pain relief. Only limited 
retrospective evidence suggests that PRF is effective in ACNES.
METHODS: A multicenter, randomized, nonblinded, controlled proof-of-concept 
trial was performed in 66 patients. All patients were scheduled for a neurectomy 
procedure. Thirty-three patients were randomized to first receive a 6-minute 
cycle of PRF treatment, while the other 33 were allocated to an immediate 
neurectomy procedure. Pain was recorded using a numeric rating scale (NRS, 0 [no 
pain] to 10 [worst pain possible]). Successful treatment was defined as >50% 
pain reduction. Patients in the PRF group were allowed to cross over to a 
neurectomy after 8 weeks.
RESULTS: The neurectomy group showed greater pain reduction at 8-week follow-up 
(mean change from baseline -2.8 (95% confidence interval [CI] -3.9 to -1.7) vs. 
-1.5 (95% CI -2.3 to -0.6); P = 0.045) than the PRF group. Treatment success was 
reached in 12 of 32 (38%, 95% CI 23 to 55) of the PRF group and 17 of 28 (61%, 
95% CI 42 to 72) of the neurectomy group (P = 0.073). Thirteen patients were 
withdrawn from their scheduled surgery. Adverse events were comparable between 
treatments.
CONCLUSIONS: PRF appears to be an effective and minimally invasive treatment 
option and may therefore be considered in patients who failed conservative 
treatment options before proceeding to a neurectomy procedure. Anterior 
neurectomy may possibly lead to a greater pain relief compared with PRF in 
patients with ACNES, but potential complications associated with surgery should 
be discussed.

© 2019 World Institute of Pain.

DOI: 10.1111/papr.12806
PMID: 31188514 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


898. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Mol Med (Berl). 2019 Aug;97(8):1169-1182. doi: 10.1007/s00109-019-01807-8. 
Epub 2019 Jun 11.

Radiation-induced glucocorticoid receptor promotes CD44+ prostate cancer stem 
cell growth through activation of SGK1-Wnt/β-catenin signaling.

Chen F(#)(1)(2), Chen X(#)(1)(2), Ren Y(2), Weng G(2), Keng PC(1), Chen Y(3)(4), 
Lee SO(5)(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY, 14642, USA.
(2)Department of Urology, Ningbo Urology and Nephrology Hospital, Ningbo, 
315100, Zhejiang, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY, 14642, USA. Yuhchyau_Chen@urmc.rochester.edu.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, James P. Wilmot Cancer Center, University 
of Rochester, 601 Elmwood Ave., Box 647, Rochester, NY, 14642, USA. 
Yuhchyau_Chen@urmc.rochester.edu.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY, 14642, USA. Soook_Lee@urmc.rochester.edu.
(6)Department of Radiation Oncology, James P. Wilmot Cancer Center, University 
of Rochester, 601 Elmwood Ave., Box 647, Rochester, NY, 14642, USA. 
Soook_Lee@urmc.rochester.edu.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    J Mol Med (Berl). 2022 Jan;100(1):149. doi: 10.1007/s00109-021-02173-0.

We observed cancer stem cell (CSC) population increase in radioresistant LNCaP 
(LNCaPR18) and C4-2 (C4-2R26) prostate cancer (PCa) cells compared with 
respective parental cells. Since the CD44 level increase was most significant in 
radioresistant PCa cells compared with parental cells among CSC markers tested, 
we isolated the CD44+ population from LNCaP/LNCaPR18 and C4-2/C4-2R26 cell sets 
via the immunomagnetic separation method and used them as CSC sources. We 
detected lower AR level, but higher glucocorticoid receptor (GR) level in CD44+ 
CSCs than CD44- non-CSCs. Higher GR level in CD44+ CSCs than CD44- cells was 
also detected when cells were isolated from mouse tumor tissues of LNCaPR18 cell 
and C4-2R26 cell-derived human xenografts and grown in culture. We then found 
blocking the GR signaling by adding the anti-GR agent mifepristone into the cell 
culture inhibited the CD44+ CSC growth while the addition of the anti-AR agent 
enzalutamide enhanced the CSC growth. In xenograft mouse studies in which tumors 
were developed from the injection of CD44+ CSCs of LNCaPR18 or C4-2R26 cell 
lines, retarded tumor growth in mifepristone-injected mice was observed compared 
with vehicle-treated mice. We next discovered the GR regulation of Wnt/β-catenin 
signaling pathway. We further found that the serum/glucocorticoid regulated 
kinase 1 (SGK1) is the GR downstream molecule that mediates Wnt/β-catenin 
signaling activation. Therefore, inhibition of either SGK1 or Wnt/β-catenin 
signaling impaired the in vitro CD44+ CSC growth. From these results, we suggest 
that blocking GR signaling or its downstream SGK1-Wnt/β-catenin signaling axis 
may suppress the radiation-induced CSC increase in PCa. KEY MESSAGES: Higher CSC 
population exists in radioresistant PCa cells than parental cells. Higher GR 
levels (and lower AR level) in CD44+ CSCs than CD44- non-CSCs. Use of anti-GR 
agent blocked the growth of CD44+ CSCs in in vitro/in vivo tests. GR downstream 
SGK1-Wnt/β-catenin signaling axis mediates the CSC increase. Targeting this 
signaling axis may enhance the radiotherapy efficacy in treating PCa.

DOI: 10.1007/s00109-019-01807-8
PMID: 31187175 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


899. Int J Biochem Cell Biol. 2019 Nov;116:105549. doi: 10.1016/j.biocel.2019.05.018. 
Epub 2019 Jun 8.

RETRACTED: Down-regulation of miR-373 increases the radiosensitivity of lung 
cancer cells by targeting TIMP2.

Guo Y(1), Jiang Y(1), Sang M(1), Xu C(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Weifang People's Hospital, Weifang 261041, 
Shandong, China.
(2)Department of Oncology, No. 89 Hospital of the People's Liberation Army, 
Weifang 261021, Shandong, China. Electronic address: xuchunli1123@sina.com.

Retraction of
    Int J Biochem Cell Biol. 2018 Jun;99:203-210. doi: 
10.1016/j.biocel.2018.04.014.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biocel.2019.05.018
PMID: 31186209


900. Mol Phylogenet Evol. 2019 Oct;139:106532. doi: 10.1016/j.ympev.2019.106532. Epub 
2019 Jun 8.

Too hot to handle: Cenozoic aridification drives multiple independent incursions 
of Schizomida (Hubbardiidae) into hypogean environments.

Abrams KM(1), Huey JA(2), Hillyer MJ(3), Humphreys WF(4), Didham RK(5), Harvey 
MS(4).

Author information:
(1)School of Biological Sciences, The University of Western Australia, Crawley, 
Western Australia 6009, Australia; Department of Terrestrial Zoology, Western 
Australian Museum, Locked Bag 49, Welshpool DC, Western Australia 6986, 
Australia. Electronic address: kym.abrams@uwa.edu.au.
(2)Department of Terrestrial Zoology, Western Australian Museum, Locked Bag 49, 
Welshpool DC, Western Australia 6986, Australia; School of Biological Sciences, 
The University of Western Australia, Crawley, Western Australia 6009, Australia; 
School of Natural Sciences, Edith Cowan University, Joondalup, Western Australia 
6027, Australia.
(3)Department of Terrestrial Zoology, Western Australian Museum, Locked Bag 49, 
Welshpool DC, Western Australia 6986, Australia.
(4)Department of Terrestrial Zoology, Western Australian Museum, Locked Bag 49, 
Welshpool DC, Western Australia 6986, Australia; School of Biological Sciences, 
The University of Western Australia, Crawley, Western Australia 6009, Australia.
(5)School of Biological Sciences, The University of Western Australia, Crawley, 
Western Australia 6009, Australia; CSIRO Health & Biosecurity, Centre for 
Environment and Life Sciences, Floreat, Western Australia 6014, Australia.

The formation of the Australian arid zone, Australia's largest and youngest 
major biome, has been recognized as a major driver of rapid evolutionary 
radiations in terrestrial plants and animals. Here, we investigate the 
phylogenetic diversity and evolutionary history of subterranean short-tailed 
whip scorpions (Schizomida: Hubbardiidae), which are a significant faunal 
component of Western Australian hypogean ecosystems. We sequenced two 
mitochondrial (12S, COI) and three nuclear DNA markers (18S, 28S, ITS2) from 
∼600 specimens, largely from the genera Draculoides and Paradraculoides, 
including 20 previously named species and an additional 56 newly identified 
operational taxonomic units (OTUs). Phylogenetic analyses revealed a large and 
rapid species radiation congruent with Cenozoic aridification of the continent, 
in addition to the identification of a new genus in Western Australia and the 
first epigean schizomid from the Pilbara. Here, we also synonymise 
Paradraculoides with Draculoides (new synonymy), due to paraphyly and a lack of 
reliable characters to define the two genera. Our results are consistent with 
multiple colonisations of the subterranean realm from epigean ancestors as their 
forest habitat fragmented and retracted, with ongoing fragmentation and 
diversification of lineages underground. These findings illustrate the 
remarkable diversity and high incidence of short-range endemism of Western 
Australia's subterranean fauna, which has important implications for identifying 
and managing short-range endemic subterranean fauna. They also highlight the 
advantages of including molecular data in subterranean fauna surveys as all 
specimens can be utilized, regardless of sex and life stage. Additionally, we 
have provided the first multi-gene phylogenetic framework for Australian 
schizomids, which will enable researchers and environmental consultants to 
identify new taxa or align them to existing lineages.

Copyright © 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ympev.2019.106532
PMID: 31185297 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


901. J Gastrointest Oncol. 2019 Jun;10(3):387-390. doi: 10.21037/jgo.2019.01.24.

Stop hedging your bets: reasons for non-adherence to a tri-modality regimen in 
the treatment of esophageal cancer in a multidisciplinary setting.

Rahmani R(1), Koffler D(2), Haisley KR(3), Hunter JG(3), Poliakoff C(3), Thomas 
CR Jr(1), Holland JM(1), Dolan JP(3), Nabavizadeh N(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Medicine, Oregon Health & Science University, 
Portland, OR, USA.
(2)Department of Radiation Medicine at Center for Advanced Medicine, Northwell 
Health Cancer Institute, New Hyde Park, NY, USA.
(3)Department of Surgery, Division of Gastrointestinal and General Surgery, 
Oregon Health & Science University, Portland, OR, USA.

BACKGROUND: In locally-advanced esophageal cancer (LAEC), providers' concerns 
regarding eventual surgical candidacy can persuade physicians to defer to 
definitive doses of 50 Gy or higher preoperatively. We report the successful 
completion rate of tri-modality therapy (TMT) (documented at the outset) and 
reasons for TMT non-adherence at a large multi-disciplinary esophageal program.
METHODS: LAEC patients diagnosed 2007-2016 from a prospective institutional 
database were subdivided into CRT/S+ [completed chemoradiation (CRT) and 
surgery] and CRT/S- (CRT and no subsequent surgery) groups. Chart review 
provided surgery non-adherence reasons.
RESULTS: A total of 283 patients met planned TMT criteria: 164 (58.0%) patients 
received 50 or 50.4 Gy CRT, 27 patients (9.5%) received greater than 50.4 Gy, 
and 92 patients received less than 50 Gy (32.5%, only 8 patients received CRT to 
41.4 Gy); 221 (78.1%) completed surgery (CRT/S+), while 62 (21.9%) failed to 
advance to surgery (CRT/S-): 25 of 62 CRT/S- patients (40.3%) evidenced 
metastatic progression before surgery, 4 (6.5%) were deemed unresectable 
intraoperatively, 4 (6.5%) expired prior to planned surgery (3 from unknown 
causes, 1 suicide), 8 (12.9%) experienced significant CRT-related medical 
decompensation and were withdrawn from surgical consideration, 16 (25.8%) 
voluntarily declined surgery post-CRT (largely due to long-term quality of life 
concerns), and 5 (8.1%) failed to advance for unknown reasons. Four of the 16 
patients who voluntarily declined surgery after CRT received less than 50 Gy. 
The 22.2% of CRT/S+ patients achieved pathologic complete response (21.6% for 
adenocarcinoma and 29.0% for squamous cell carcinoma).
CONCLUSIONS: Our institution's 78% surgery completion rate among TMT-indicated 
patients highlights the benefits of upfront multidisciplinary care. Metastatic 
disease development most commonly truncated TMT with a low rate failing due to 
medical decompensation. Given the number of patients who voluntarily declined 
surgery following CRT, TMT counseling and involvement of a patient advocate are 
paramount prior to treatment planning.

DOI: 10.21037/jgo.2019.01.24
PMCID: PMC6534719
PMID: 31183186

Conflict of interest statement: Conflicts of Interest: Previous presentation: 
digital poster presentation at ASTRO Annual Meeting 2018 in San Antonio, TX, 
USA.


902. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cell Biochem. 2019 Sep;120(9):15038-15044. doi: 10.1002/jcb.28765. Epub 2019 
Jun 6.

The protective effects of TGR5 against ultraviolet B irradiation in epidermal 
stem cells.

Chang Y(1)(2), Yu J(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Dermatology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengzhou, China.
(2)Dermatology & STD Department, Luoyang Central Hospital Affiliated to 
Zhengzhou University, Zhengzhou, China.

Retraction in
    J Cell Biochem. 2022 Feb;123(2):496. doi: 10.1002/jcb.30202.

Repetitive exposure to ultraviolet radiation (UVR) results in continuous insults 
to the skin, including continuous loss of the capacities of epidermal stem cells 
(ESCs). Takeda G-protein-coupled receptor-5 (TGR5) participates in a variety of 
physiological activities, but its biological function in skin has not been 
reported. In this study, we report that TGR5 could be detected in ESCs and its 
expression was reduced after ultraviolet B (UV-B) irradiation. Treatment with 
the specific TGR5 agonist 
3-(2-chlorophenyl)-N-(4-chlorophenyl)-N,5-dimethylisoxazole-4-carboxamide 
(GPBARA) prevented UV-B-induced oxidative stress by reducing 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal 
and increasing the level of glutathione. We also found that the presence of 
GPBARA improved UV-B irradiation-induced mitochondrial dysfunction by elevating 
mitochondrial membrane potential. Interestingly, our results indicate that 
GPBARA pretreatment suppressed UV-B irradiation-induced reduced cell viability, 
release of lactic dehydrogenase, and secretion of high mobility group box 1. 
Notably, GPBARA pretreatment inhibited UV-B irradiation-induced decrease in 
integrin β1 and Krt19, dependent on TGR5. Mechanistically, we found that the 
activation of TGR5 by GPBARA increased Wnt1, Wnt3a, Myc, and cyclin D1 in ESCs. 
Our data suggest a new function of TGR5 in regulating ESCs.

© 2019 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/jcb.28765
PMID: 31168815 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


903. Undersea Hyperb Med. 2018 Nov-Dec;45(6):683-684.

Risk of continuous bladder irrigation in the monoplace hyperbaric chamber: a 
cautionary tale.

Cooper JS(1), Lagrange CA(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Emergency Medicine, University of Nebraska Medical Center, 
Omaha, Nebraska U.S.
(2)Department of Surgery, Division of Urologic Surgery, University of Nebraska 
Medical Center, Omaha, Nebraska U.S.

We previously published our method of performing continuous bladder irrigation 
(CBI) in a monoplace hyperbaric chamber [1]. This method entailed the use of an 
IV pump to infuse saline into the monoplace chamber. The specter of causing 
iatrogenic rupture of the bladder was raised following such a case, reported 
herein, of a woman with hemorrhagic radiation cystitis leading to cystectomy. 
Due to the danger of bladder rupture while providing CBI with a pump, we retract 
ourpreviously reported method and encourage the use of either a gravity-fed 
system or delay in hyperbaric oxygen therapy treatment until CBI is no longer 
necessary.

Copyright© Undersea and Hyperbaric Medical Society.

PMID: 31158936 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors of this paper declare no conflicts 
of interest exist with this submission.


904. Vet Radiol Ultrasound. 2019 Sep;60(5):567-574. doi: 10.1111/vru.12757. Epub 2019 
Jun 2.

Intraarticular injection of a Tin-117 m radiosynoviorthesis agent in normal 
canine elbows causes no adverse effects.

Lattimer JC(1), Selting KA(1)(2), Lunceford JM(1), Holland JR(1), Simon J(3), 
Stevenson NR(4), Doerr CA(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Veterinary Medicine and Surgery, University of Missouri, 
Columbia, Missouri.
(2)Department of Veterinary Clinical Medicine, University of Illinois, Urbana, 
Illinois.
(3)IsoTherapeutics Group, Angelton, Texas.
(4)Serene LLC, The Woodlands, Texas.

This longitudinal prospective exploratory study used serial measurements in five 
dogs to evaluate safety and retention of a tin-117 m (117m Sn) colloid after 
intra-articular injection in normal elbow joints. Each dog was deemed healthy 
based on physical examination, laboratory results, and radiographic evaluation 
of both elbows. While anesthetized, each received an MRI of both elbows, 
followed by fluorine-18 fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography scans of 
both elbow joints and associated lymph nodes. Joint fluid (0.5-1.0 mL) was 
withdrawn aseptically from the left elbow joint, followed by intra-articular 
injection of 117m Sn colloid (92.5 MBq; 1-1.5 ml). Post-injection assessments 
included blood counts, serum chemistry panels, urinalyses, radiographs, joint 
fluid analyses, MRI/positron emission tomography scans, scintigraphy, and 
biodistribution scans. On day 45-47, each dog was euthanized and a complete 
postmortem examination was performed. Tissue samples were submitted for 
histopathology and radioisotope retention studies. Left elbow joints were 
decalcified and sectioned for future autoradiography. Scintigraphy, 1 day after 
injection, indicated slight radioisotope escape from the joint to regional lymph 
nodes. Serial blood, urine, feces, and organ counts indicated >99.1% of the 117m 
Sn activity was retained in the joint for 45-47 days. Radiation output levels 
were below patient release levels the day following injection. Maximum standard 
uptake value for the injected joint decreased. Joint fluid cytology was 
unchanged. No dog exhibited lameness during the study. Absence of joint damage 
and lack of systemic effects after injection of the 117m Sn colloid in normal 
canine elbow joints indicate that this agent may be safely used for 
radiosynoviorthesis in dogs with osteoarthritis.

© 2019 American College of Veterinary Radiology.

DOI: 10.1111/vru.12757
PMID: 31155782 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


905. Int Cancer Conf J. 2018 Oct 1;8(1):17-23. doi: 10.1007/s13691-018-0347-9. 
eCollection 2019 Jan.

Double primary recurrent human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-positive 
breast cancer and esophageal cancer that responded well to chemotherapy.

Yokoi S(1), Maeda H(1), Nishino T(1), Togawa T(2), Iida A(2), Goi T(1).

Author information:
(1)1First Department of Surgery, School of Medicine, Faculty of Medical 
Sciences, University of Fukui, 23 Shimoaiduki, Matsuoka, Eiheiji-cho, Fukui 
910-1193 Japan.
(2)Surgery, Tsuruga Medical Center, 33-1 Sakuragaoka-cho, Tsuruga, 914-0195 
Japan.

Double primary breast and esophageal cancer have been no reported cases in which 
treatment methods other than surgery were selected because of multiple 
metastasis or advanced cancer. The patient was a 52-year-old woman who had 
received left pectoral muscle-preserving mastectomy and axillary lymph node 
dissection (level 2) 7 years prior, following the diagnosis of left breast 
cancer. The postoperative diagnosis was pT2 N3a M0 stage IIIC and luminal human 
epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) phenotype. After the surgery, six 
courses of triple chemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), epirubicin, and 
cyclophosphamide and four courses of docetaxel (DTX) were administered, and 
letrozole was administered for 5 years. Seven years after the surgery, swelling 
of her left axillary, supra-, and subclavicular lymph nodes, and sternum 
osteolysis were observed on computed tomography (CT). Radioisotope uptake was 
observed in the esophagus on positron emission tomography. An esophageal cancer 
was observed in the upper thoracic esophagus on esophagogastroscopy. The patient 
was administered a local treatment for esophageal cancer and systemic 
chemotherapy for both cancers. As a primary therapy, double chemotherapy with 
5-FU and cisplatin (FP) (two courses) + radiotherapy on the esophagus and left 
supraclavicular lymph nodes (total target dose of radiotherapy was 60 Gy /30 
fractions) was performed with the concomitant use of trastuzumab and 
zoledronate. Marked shrinkage [complete response (CR)] of the esophageal cancer 
was observed on esophagogastroscopy and shrinkage (partial response) of the left 
axillary and supra- and subclavicular lymph nodes were observed on CT. The 
secondary treatment included pertuzumab + trastuzumab + DTX. Bilateral pleural 
effusions were observed in the eighth course; therefore, DTX was withdrawn and 
the treatment was continued with only the molecularly targeted drugs. Two years 
have passed since the initiation of treatment. The individual lymph node 
metastatic foci have disappeared or markedly shrunk (CR) on CT scans and the 
sternal metastases have remained hard without change. In addition, CR for 
esophageal cancer has been maintained. We report a case of double primary 
recurrent HER2-positive breast cancer and esophageal cancer that responded well 
to radiotherapy and chemotherapy.

DOI: 10.1007/s13691-018-0347-9
PMCID: PMC6498216
PMID: 31149541


906. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Biother Radiopharm. 2019 Sep;34(7):480-485. doi: 10.1089/cbr.2018.2664. 
Epub 2019 May 24.

Targeted Regulation of miR-26a on PTEN to Affect Proliferation and Apoptosis of 
Prostate Cancer Cells.

Li W(1), Jiang Y(2), Wu X(2), Yang F(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Linyi Cancer Hospital, Linyi, Shandong, China.
(2)Department of Urology, The Third People's Hospital of Linyi, Linyi, Shandong, 
China.

Retraction in
    Cancer Biother Radiopharm. 2021 Sep;36(7):615. doi: 
10.1089/cbr.2018.2664.retract.

Objective: PI3K/AKT signal pathway is important for negative regulation of 
FoxO3a/p27Kip1, maintaining cell survival and inhibiting apoptosis. Phosphatase 
and tensin homology deleted on chromosome 10 (PTEN) gene negatively regulates 
PI3K/AKT signal pathway. It's downregulation is correlated with prostate cancer 
(PC) pathogenesis. Previous study showed significantly elevated miR-26a 
expression in PC tissues, indicating its tumor facilitating role in PC. 
Bioinformatics analysis revealed targeted relationship between miR-26a and 
3'-UTR of PTEN mRNA. This study investigated if miR-26a and PTEN dysregulation 
played a role in proliferation and apoptosis of PC-3 cells. Materials and 
Methods: PC tumor tissues were collected along with benign prostate hyperplasia 
samples. Expression of miR-26a and PTEN was detected. The targeted relationship 
between miR-26a and PTEN was analyzed by dual-luciferase reporter gene assay. In 
vitro-cultured PC-3 cells were treated with miR-26a inhibitor and/or 
pIRES2-PTEN. Flow cytometry was employed to detect cell apoptosis, cycle, and 
Ki-67 expression. Expression of miR-26a and PTEN was analyzed. Western blot was 
employed to detect protein levels of p-AKT, p-FoxO3a, and p27Kip1. Results: PC 
tissues had elevated miR-26a expression and lower PTEN expression compared with 
benign hyperplasia. miR-26a targeted and inhibited PTEN expression. Transfection 
of miR-26a inhibitor and/or overexpression of PTEN significantly decreased 
phosphorylation activity of AKT and FoxO3a, enhanced p27Kip1 expression, cell 
apoptosis, weakened proliferation ability, and arrested cell cycle at G0/G1 
phase. Conclusions: PC tissue had higher miR-26a and lower PTEN expressions. 
miR-26a targeted and inhibited PTEN, potentiated phosphorylation activity of AKT 
and FoxO3a, downregulated p27Kip1 expression, decreased cell apoptosis, and 
facilitated proliferation.

DOI: 10.1089/cbr.2018.2664
PMID: 31135180 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


907. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biosci Rep. 2019 Jun 10;39(6):BSR20190696. doi: 10.1042/BSR20190696. Print 2019 
Jun 28.

α-bisabolol enhances radiotherapy-induced apoptosis in endometrial cancer cells 
by reducing the effect of XIAP on inhibiting caspase-3.

Fang D(1), Wang H(2), Li M(2), Wei W(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gynecology, The Second Children and Women's Healthcare of Jinan 
City, Jinan, Shandong 271100, China dongmeifang783@163.com.
(2)Department of Gynecology, The Second Children and Women's Healthcare of Jinan 
City, Jinan, Shandong 271100, China.

Retraction in
    Biosci Rep. 2022 Aug 31;42(8):BSR-2019-0696_RET. doi: 
10.1042/BSR-2019-0696_RET.

Expression of concern in
    Biosci Rep. 2020 Jul 31;40(7):BSR-20190696_EOC. doi: 
10.1042/BSR-20190696_EOC.

Endometrial cancer (EC) is one of the most common cancers in females. Although 
the diagnosis and treatment in early stages can greatly improve the survival 
rate of patients, the advanced EC still is lethal. Radiotherapy is widely used 
against EC, and it is a great challenge to find an effective way to overcome the 
resistance of EC during radiotherapy. α-bisabolol is a promising drug, which has 
already exhibited its anti-tumor effect in some malignancies. Here we reported 
that α-bisabolol could inhibit the proliferation of EC cells. It is also shown 
that their abilities of migration and invasion were effectively reduced by 
α-bisabolol. Furthermore, our results also demonstrated that α-bisabolol could 
improve sensitivity of EC cells in radiotherapy and further inhibited the growth 
of EC cells. By Western blot, we found the expression of matrix 
metalloproteinases-9 (MMP-9) and cyclin E were significantly decreased, which 
indicated that EC cells can be further suppressed by using α-bisabolol and 
radiotherapy. It is also demonstrated in our study that the rate of apoptotic 
cells is markedly increased in EC by using these two treatments. The significant 
decrease in X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein (XIAP) and increase in 
caspase-3 detected in our study suggested that the enhancement of apoptosis is 
mediated by XIAP/caspase-3 pathway, which was further confirmed by examining the 
downstream effectors of caspase-3, COX-2, PARP and cleaved PARP. In the present 
study, we demonstrated that α-bisabolol could enhance the sensitivity of EC 
cells to radiotherapy, which provide a novel alternative for overcoming 
radioresistance of EC cells and achieving a better outcome in radiotherapy.

© 2019 The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1042/BSR20190696
PMCID: PMC6558724
PMID: 31127027 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no competing 
interests associated with the manuscript.


908. J Pain Res. 2019 Apr 16;12:1217-1221. doi: 10.2147/JPR.S184306. eCollection 
2019.

Cervical plexus as anatomical target for the treatment of postoperative cervical 
neuropathic pain.

Orduña Valls JM(1)(2), Soto E(2)(3), Ferrandis Martínez M(1), Nebreda C(4), 
Tornero Tornero C(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Anesthesiology, Intensive Care Medicine and Pain Management, 
Hospital Clínico Universitario de Valencia, Valencia, Spain.
(2)Clínica Indolor Valencia, Valencia, Spain.
(3)Millennium Pain Center, Chicago, IL, USA.
(4)Instituto Aliaga-Millennium Pain Center, Clínica Teknon, Barcelona, Spain.

Objective: The incidence of chronic neuropathic pain following neck dissections 
is approximately 40%. Standard drug therapy in these patients include 
pharmacologic treatments due to the neuropathic pain (gabapentinoids, tricyclic 
antidepressants…). In this case, standard options were limited. The addition of 
ultrasound guidance to invasive pain management techniques has enabled us to 
successfully treat pathologies in which previous treatments options had been 
limited. Pulsed radiofrequency (PRF) ablation permits treatment over nerve 
structures that, due to either their morphological or functional 
characteristics, could not be approached using the conventional variant. Case 
report: A 45-year-old man with severe postoperative pain after undergoing 
partial glossectomy and functional neck dissection for squamous cell carcinoma 
of the tongue. The patient had been treated pharmacologically for several years 
with minimal results, baseline VAS of 90. After a successful superficial 
cervical plexus block under ultrasound guidance, he underwent PRF for a possible 
long-lasting effect. VAS post PRF improved in subsequent visits: VAS at 1 month 
was 0; at 3 months was 10 and at 6 months was 60. Conclusion: Postoperative 
changes to include alterations in nerve structures are a frequent source of 
chronic pain. The incidence of this type of pain in the cervical region is quite 
variable. Noninvasive treatment options are limited and oftentimes ineffective. 
Due to its location, superficial cervical plexus is an anatomical site with the 
potential risk of undergoing structural alterations (fibrosis, 
radiotherapy-associated retraction phenomena or neuroma formation). 
Interventional treatments performed under ultrasound guidance allow the dynamic 
application of therapies such as radiofrequency ablation. PRF could potentially 
cause an additive effect between neuromodulation and the hydrodissection caused 
by the infiltration of substances within a fibrotic area.

DOI: 10.2147/JPR.S184306
PMCID: PMC6489597
PMID: 31114303

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest in 
this work.


909. RETRACTED ARTICLE

ACS Appl Bio Mater. 2019 May 20;2(5):1830-1841. doi: 10.1021/acsabm.8b00675. 
Epub 2019 May 8.

Folate-Targeted pH and Redox Dual Stimulation-Responsive Nanocarrier for 
Codelivering of Docetaxel and TFPI-2 for Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Therapy.

Liu T(1), Chen S(1), Wu X(2), Han H(1), Zhang S(1), Wu P(1), Su X(1), Wu T(3), 
Yu S(4), Cai X(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Guangdong Provincial 
People's Hospital, Guangdong Academy of Medical Sciences, No. 106, Zhongshan 
Second Road, 510080, Guangzhou, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Pharmacology, Jiangxi Testing Center of Medical Instruments, 
No. 181, Nanjing East Road, 330029, Nanchang, P. R. China.
(3)Department of Light Chemical Engineering, Guangdong Polytechnic, No. 20, 
Lanshi 2th Road, 528041, Chancheng District, Foshan, P.R. China.
(4)The No. 1 Surgery Department, No. 5 People's Hospital of Foshan, No. 63, 
Xiqiao Zhen Jiang Pu Dong Road, 528211, Nanhai District, Foshan, Guangdong 
Province, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    ACS Appl Bio Mater. 2023 Apr 17;6(4):1683. doi: 10.1021/acsabm.3c00172.

Due to the increasing incidence of tumor metastasis and multidrug resistance, 
even though a combined use of chemotherapy and radiotherapy is introduced, the 
5-year average survival rate of an advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) 
patient still remains low. Hence, targeted slow-release anticancer drugs 
represent a potential therapy for advanced NPC. In this study, pH and redox dual 
stimulation-responsive folate-targeted folic acid - β-cyclodextrin - 
hyperbranched poly(amido amine)s (FA-DS-PAAs) nanocarriers for codelivery of 
docetaxel (DOC) and tissue factor pathway inhibitor 2 (TFPI-2) for NPC therapy 
are discussed. Physical and chemical properties, in vitro DOC-release 
properties, folic acid (FA)-targeting, transfection, Western blotting, DOC and 
TFPI-2 codelivery, therapeutic properties, targeted inhibition, and 
biocompatibility, in vivo FA-targeting, toxicity, and therapeutic properties of 
FA-DS-PAAs/DOC/TFPI2 nanoparticles are evaluated. The results indicate that the 
200 nm low-toxicity FA-DS-PAAs/DOC/TFPI2 nanoparticles could enhance TFPI2 gene 
expression, make cancer cells more sensitive to DOC, induce cell apoptosis, and 
reduce cell invasion more effectively compared with monochemotherapy. With 
respect to the targeted release of drugs (DOC and TFPI2) in tumor cells, 
FA-DS-PAAs/DOC/TFPI2 is associated with the slowest growth rate of tumor and the 
smallest volume of tumor, so this study demonstrates the best synergetic 
antitumor effect. We anticipate that this study is important because it not only 
provides a potential new therapy approach for NPC but also paves the preclinical 
way for potential application of FA-DS-PAAs/DOC/TFPI2.

DOI: 10.1021/acsabm.8b00675
PMID: 35030673


910. Strahlenther Onkol. 2019 Jul;195(7):615-628. doi: 10.1007/s00066-019-01473-2. 
Epub 2019 May 17.

Long-term cosmetic outcome after preoperative radio-/chemotherapy in locally 
advanced breast cancer patients.

[Article in English]

Matuschek C(1), Nestle-Kraemling C(2), Haussmann J(1), Bölke E(3), Wollandt 
S(4), Speer V(1), Djiepmo Njanang FJ(1), Tamaskovics B(1), Gerber PA(5), Orth 
K(6), Ruckhaeberle E(7), Fehm T(7), Corradini S(8), Lammering G(9), Mohrmann 
S(7), Audretsch W(10), Roth S(1), Kammers K(11), Budach W(1).

Author information:
(1)Medical Faculty, Department of Radiation Oncology, Heinrich Heine University, 
Dusseldorf, Germany.
(2)Department of Senology, Gynecology and Obstetrics, EVK, Teaching Hospital 
Heinrich Heine University, Dusseldorf, Germany.
(3)Medical Faculty, Department of Radiation Oncology, Heinrich Heine University, 
Dusseldorf, Germany. boelke@med.uni-duesseldorf.de.
(4)Department of Senology, Sana Kliniken Dusseldorf, Dusseldorf, Germany.
(5)Department of Dermatology, Medical Faculty, Heinrich Heine University, 
Dusseldorf, Germany.
(6)Department of General, Visceral and Thoracic Surgery, Harzkliniken, Goslar, 
Germany.
(7)Department of Gynecology, Heinrich Heine University, Dusseldorf, Germany.
(8)Department of Radiation Oncology, LMU University, Munich, Germany.
(9)Radiotherapy Insitute, Bergisch Gladbach, Germany.
(10)Department of Senology and Breast Surgery, Marienhospital, Dusseldorf, 
Germany.
(11)Division of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Department of Oncology, The 
Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center at Johns Hopkins, The Johns Hopkins 
University School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD, USA.

BACKGROUND: Preoperative radiotherapy and chemoradiotherapy (PRT/PCRT) represent 
an increasingly used clinical strategy in different tumor sites. We have 
previously reported on a PRT/PRCT protocol in patients with locally advanced 
non-inflammatory breast cancer (LABC) with promising clinical results. However, 
concerns regarding a possible unfavorable influence on cosmesis still exist. 
Thus, the aim of the current study was to examine long-term cosmetic outcome in 
our series of LABC patients treated with PRT/PCRT followed by breast-conserving 
surgery (BCS) or mastectomy (ME).
PATIENTS AND METHODS: Of the 315 patients treated with PRT/PCRT in the years 
1991 to 1999, 203 were still alive at long-term follow-up of mean 17.7 years 
(range 14-21). Thirty-seven patients were lost to follow-up and 58 patients 
refused to be contacted, which resulted in 107 patients (64 patients after BCS 
and 43 after mastectomy) being available and willing to undergo further cosmetic 
assessment. One patient had a complete response after PRT/PCRT and refused 
surgery. PRT/PCRT consisted of external beam radiation therapy (EBRT) with 50 Gy 
(5 × 2 Gy/week) to the breast and the supra-/infraclavicular lymph nodes 
combined with a consecutive electron boost or (in case of BCS) a 10-Gy 
interstitial brachytherapy boost with Ir-192 prior to EBRT. Overall, 
chemotherapy was administered either prior to RT or concomitantly in the 
majority of patients. BCS and mastectomy were performed with and without 
reconstruction. The cosmetic outcome was assessed by patient questionnaire, 
panel evaluation, and breast retraction assessment (BRA) score.
RESULTS: Eighty percent of all BCS patients rated their overall cosmetic result 
as "excellent" or "good" as compared to 55.8% after mastectomy. Patient and 
panel ratings on cosmetic outcomes were similar between the two groups. No 
grade III or IV fibrosis were detected in any of the groups. The median BRA 
score after breast conserving surgery was 2.9.
CONCLUSION: PRT/PCRT is associated with low grades of fibrosis and a good to 
excellent long-term cosmetic outcome.

DOI: 10.1007/s00066-019-01473-2
PMID: 31101954 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


911. Soft Matter. 2019 May 29;15(21):4363-4370. doi: 10.1039/c9sm00632j.

Strain-induced crystal growth and molecular orientation of 
poly(isobutylene-isoprene) rubber at low temperatures.

Chen P (1), Lin Y , Zhao J , Chang J , Chen X , Meng L , Wang D , Chen W .

Author information:
(1)National Synchrotron Radiation Laboratory, Anhui Provincial Engineering 
Laboratory of Advanced Functional Polymer Film, CAS Key Laboratory of Soft 
Matter Chemistry, University of Science and Technology of China, Hefei, China. 
wc003@ustc.edu.cn.

With the combination of a low-temperature extension rheometer and in situ 
synchrotron radiation wide-angle X-ray diffraction (SR-WAXD), the strain-induced 
crystallization (SIC) of poly(isobutylene-isoprene) rubber (IIR) was studied in 
the low-temperature region (-60 °C → 25 °C). The detailed structural evolution 
of IIR during the SIC is summarized in the strain-temperature space, where three 
distinct temperature zones are defined. The absence of the SIC in zone I (T > 0 
°C) results in the poorest drawability of IIR among all measured temperatures. 
And with respect to the lowest temperature zone III (-60 °C < T < -50 °C), the 
SIC still occurs with low ultimate crystallinity (ca. 0.9%). More complicated 
structural evolution induced by the strain occurs in the 
intermediate-temperature zone II (-50 °C ≤ T ≤ 0 °C). The orientation ratio of 
the amorphous part Oa increases monotonically with the increment of the strain, 
but reaches a platform with Hencky strain ε > ca. 1.8. Meanwhile, the 
strain-induced crystal growth of IIR is evidenced by the dramatic increment of 
the lateral crystallite size of (110) and (113) planes. Moreover, the retraction 
experiment further reveals the network evolutions of IIR: suffering from low 
ultimate crystallinity (<ca. 9%), the network chain of IIR remains in series 
upon fracture. The current study clarifies the contribution of the SIC and 
molecular orientation to the self-enhanced mechanical properties of IIR at low 
temperatures.

DOI: 10.1039/c9sm00632j
PMID: 31086876


912. Sci Rep. 2019 May 8;9(1):7086. doi: 10.1038/s41598-019-43554-3.

Real-world safety and efficacy of paritaprevir/ritonavir/ombitasvir plus 
dasabuvir ± ribavirin in patients with hepatitis C virus genotype 1 and advanced 
hepatic fibrosis or compensated cirrhosis: a multicenter pooled analysis.

Chen CH(1), Chen CH(2), Lin CL(3), Lin CY(4), Hu TH(2), Tung SY(1), Hsieh SY(4), 
Lu SN(1)(2), Chien RN(4), Hung CH(5)(6), Sheen IS(4).

Author information:
(1)Division of Hepatogastroenterology, Department of Internal Medicine, Chiayi 
Chang Gung Memorial Hospital, Chiayi, Taiwan.
(2)Division of Hepatogastroenterology, Department of Internal Medicine, 
Kaohsiung Chang Gung Memorial Hospital and Chang Gung University College of 
Medicine, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
(3)Liver Research Unit, Chang Gung Memorial Hospital, Keelung, Taiwan.
(4)Department of Hepatogastroenterology, Chang-Gung Memorial Hospital, Linkou 
Medical Center, Taoyuan, Taiwan.
(5)Division of Hepatogastroenterology, Department of Internal Medicine, Chiayi 
Chang Gung Memorial Hospital, Chiayi, Taiwan. chh4366@yahoo.com.tw.
(6)Division of Hepatogastroenterology, Department of Internal Medicine, 
Kaohsiung Chang Gung Memorial Hospital and Chang Gung University College of 
Medicine, Kaohsiung, Taiwan. chh4366@yahoo.com.tw.

Paritaprevir/ritonavir, ombitasvir, and dasabuvir (PrOD) with or without 
ribavirin shows favorable results in hepatitis C virus genotype 1 (HCV-1) 
patients in terms of safety and efficacy, but real-world data remain limited for 
those with advanced hepatic fibrosis (fibrosis 3, F3) or compensated cirrhosis 
(F4). A total of 941 patients treated in four hospitals (the Keelung, the 
Linkuo, the Chiayi and the Kaohsiung Chang Gung Memorial Hospital) through a 
nationwide government-funded program in Taiwan were enrolled. Patients with HCV 
and advanced hepatic fibrosis or compensated cirrhosis received 12 weeks of PrOD 
in HCV-1b and 12 or 24 weeks of PrOD plus ribavirin therapy in HCV-1a without or 
with cirrhosis. Advanced hepatic fibrosis or compensated cirrhosis was confirmed 
by either ultrasonography, fibrosis index based on 4 factors (FIB-4) test, or 
transient elastography/acoustic radiation force impulse (ARFI). The safety and 
efficacy (sustained virologic response 12 weeks off therapy, SVR12) were 
evaluated. An SVR12 was achieved in 887 of 898 (98.8%) patients based on the 
per-protocol analysis (subjects receiving ≥1 dose of any study medication and 
HCV RNA data available at post-treatment week 12). Child-Pugh A6 (odds ratio: 
0.168; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.043-0.659, p = 0.011) was the only 
significant factor of poor SVR12. Fifty-four (5.7%) patients were withdrawn 
early from the treatment because of hepatic decompensation (n = 18, 1.9%) and 
other adverse reactions. Multivariate analyses identified old age (odds ratio: 
1.062; 95% CI: 1.008-1.119, p = 0.024) and Child-Pugh A6 (odds ratio: 4.957; 95% 
CI: 1.691-14.528, p = 0.004) were significantly associated with hepatic 
decompensation. In conclusion, this large real-world cohort proved PrOD with or 
without ribavirin to be highly effective in chronic hepatitis C patients with 
advanced hepatic fibrosis or compensated cirrhosis. However, Child-Pugh A6 
should be an exclusion criterion for first-line treatment in these patients.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-019-43554-3
PMCID: PMC6506536
PMID: 31068655 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


913. Pract Radiat Oncol. 2019 Sep-Oct;9(5):338-346. doi: 10.1016/j.prro.2019.04.009. 
Epub 2019 May 4.

Effects of Postmastectomy Radiation Therapy on Immediate Tissue Expander and 
Acellular Dermal Matrix Reconstruction: Results of a Prospective Clinical Trial.

Atkins KM(1), Truong LT(2), Rawal B(3), Chen YH(3), Catalano PJ(3), Bellon 
JR(2), Punglia RS(2), Moreau JM(2), Capuco AT(2), Hergrueter CA(4), Chun YS(4), 
Wong JS(5).

Author information:
(1)Harvard Radiation Oncology Program, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Brigham 
and Women's Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Brigham 
and Women's Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts.
(3)Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology, Dana-Farber Cancer 
Institute, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Massachusetts.
(4)Department of Plastic Surgery, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Brigham and 
Women's Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Brigham 
and Women's Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts. Electronic address: 
Julia_Wong@dfci.harvard.edu.

PURPOSE: Postmastectomy radiation therapy (PMRT) delivered to an immediate 
reconstruction increases the risk of surgical complications. Although acellular 
dermal matrix (ADM) has been used with immediate tissue expander (TE) 
reconstruction to improve cosmetic outcomes and minimize capsular contracture, 
there is a paucity of data on this approach in the setting of PMRT.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: Thirty-two patients with stage I to III breast cancer 
were treated with mastectomy, immediate TE-ADM reconstruction, and PMRT between 
2009 and 2012 in a prospective single-arm study. The primary objective was the 
"success" rate, determined by the number of patients at 2 years after PMRT 
having an intact final reconstruction, no major complications, and a cosmetic 
outcome rated by a physician as excellent or good.
RESULTS: The median follow-up was 24 months. Final reconstruction status was 
known in 31 of 32 patients (96.9%; 1 patient left the country) and completed in 
29 of 31 patients (93.5%; implant, n = 26; flap, n = 1; both, n = 2; none, 
n = 2). At 2 years, 6 patients were unevaluable (metastatic disease, n = 3; 
withdrawn consent, n = 1; left the country, n = 2). Of 26 evaluable patients, 
the success rate was 65.4% (17 of 26). Lack of success was the result of "fair" 
cosmesis (n = 2), infection (n = 2), severe capsular contracture (n = 1), major 
revision (n = 2), and no final reconstruction (n = 2). Most patients had 
good-to-excellent 2-year overall cosmesis based on patient perception (15; 
62.5%) and physician evaluation (19; 79.2%).
CONCLUSIONS: To the best of our knowledge, this is the first dedicated 
prospective trial evaluating long-term cosmetic and complication outcomes in 
patients treated with immediate TE-ADM reconstruction followed by PMRT. Most 
patients (65.4%) met the success criteria in this prospective single-arm series. 
The great majority (93.5%) achieved final reconstruction; most had 
good-to-excellent overall cosmetic outcomes (79.2%). The results with longer 
follow-up will be of interest, and further investigation of strategies to 
optimize reconstruction with PMRT are warranted.

Copyright © 2019 American Society for Radiation Oncology. Published by Elsevier 
Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.prro.2019.04.009
PMID: 31063823 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


914. AJR Am J Roentgenol. 2019 Aug;213(2):318-324. doi: 10.2214/AJR.18.20884. Epub 
2019 May 7.

Visual and Automated CT Measurements of Lung Volume Loss in Idiopathic Pulmonary 
Fibrosis.

Robbie H(1), Wells AU(2), Jacob J(3), Walsh SLF(1), Nair A(4), Srikanthan A(5), 
Tazoniero P(6), Devaraj A(2).

Author information:
(1)1 King's College Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, Denmark Hill, Brixton, London 
SE5 9RS, UK.
(2)2 Royal Brompton and Harefield NHS Foundation Trust, London, UK.
(3)3 Centre for Medical Image Computing, University College London, London, UK.
(4)4 Department of Radiology, University College London Hospital, London, UK.
(5)5 Kingston Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, Kingston on Thames, UK.
(6)6 Department of Radiology, Hospital Erasto Gaertner, Curitiba, Brazil.

OBJECTIVE. The purpose of this study is to establish the relationship between CT 
markers of lung volume and pulmonary function test (PFT) parameters of lung 
volume in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). MATERIALS AND METHODS. The 
relationships between PFT-derived parameters of lung volume (forced vital 
capacity [FVC] and total lung capacity [TLC]) and both CT-derived automated lung 
volume and manually derived surrogate measurements of lung volume on CT were 
evaluated in 273 patients (212 men and 61 women; median age, 67 years) with a 
multidisciplinary diagnosis of IPF. All patients underwent unenhanced volumetric 
high-resolution CT of the thorax. Automated lung volume was extracted using 
commercially available software. Three manual CT surrogate measurements of lung 
volume previously tested in the setting of radiation-induced lung fibrosis were 
evaluated by two raters. These measurements were lung height, aortosternal 
distance, and oblique fissure retraction distance. Fibrosis extent on CT was 
scored by two observers. Correlation coefficients and multivariable regression 
analyses were performed to assess the relationship between CT measurements and 
percentage of predicted FVC (hereafter referred to as "percentage FVC") and TLC. 
Interobserver agreement for CT markers was evaluated on the basis of the 
intraclass correlation coefficient. RESULTS. There was a strong correlation 
between CT-derived automated lung volume and TLC (rP = 0.92; p < 0.0005). There 
was excellent interobserver agreement for all manual CT measurements (intraclass 
correlation coefficient, 0.82-0.96). There were significant correlations between 
manual CT measurements and percentage FVC. Lung height had the strongest 
relationship with percentage FVC (rP = 0.44; p < 0.0005). In multivariable 
analysis, the CT measurements were independent determinants of lung volumes, 
after adjustment for fibrosis and emphysema (R2 = 0.48; p < 0.0005 and p < 
0.003, respectively). Lung height had the most significant impact on the fit 
against lung volumes. CONCLUSION. Automated and manual CT measurements of lung 
volume are significantly related to PFT-derived parameters of lung volume, 
independent of fibrosis and emphysema.

DOI: 10.2214/AJR.18.20884
PMID: 31063425 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


915. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cell Mol Med. 2019 Jul;23(7):4523-4533. doi: 10.1111/jcmm.14342. Epub 2019 May 
2.

Increased Six1 expression in macrophages promotes hepatocellular carcinoma 
growth and invasion by regulating MMP-9.

Zhang Y(1), Wang S(2), Liu Z(2), Yang L(3), Liu J(4), Xiu M(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Interventional Radiology, The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun 
Yat-sen University, Zhuhai, China.
(2)Department of Intensive Care Unit, The First Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, Jilin, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun 
Yat-sen University, Zhuhai, China.
(4)Department of Infectious Diseases, The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun 
Yat-sen University, Zhuhai, China.

Retraction in
    J Cell Mol Med. 2024 Apr;28(7):e18249. doi: 10.1111/jcmm.18249.

Increased Six1 expression is commonly observed in a variety of cancers and is 
positively correlated with cancer progression and metastasis. Nevertheless, the 
mechanism by which Six1 affects the development of hepatocellular carcinoma 
(HCC) is still unclear. A series of experiments involving cell counting kit-8, 
colony formation and Transwell assay was used to determine cell proliferation, 
migration and invasion respectively. Histological examination and 
immunofluorescence assay were also performed. The messenger RNA and protein 
expression of interesting genes were determined by real-time reverse 
transcription-polymerase chain reaction and western blotting respectively. We 
found that Six1 was up-regulated in HCC and was associated with worse 
histological grade and poor survival rate. Increased expression of Six1 was 
shown to be able to boost cell growth, invasion, migration and 
epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), whereas silencing of Six1 suppressed 
these malignant phenotypes. Mechanistic investigations revealed that, in 
macrophages, matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP-9) was up-regulated by Six1. 
Interestingly, Six1 expression in macrophages was also able to trigger MMP-9 
induction in HCC cells. Moreover, macrophage Six1 expression was able to induce 
interleukin-6 (IL-6) up-regulation and increase the activity of signal 
transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) in HCC cells, which 
accounted for the elevated levels of MMP-9 and the higher invasive levels seen 
in HCC. Increased expression of Six1 in HCC aggravates the malignant behaviour 
of cancer cells, and we provide novel evidence that macrophage Six1 can 
stimulate cancer cell invasion by elevating MMP-9 expression.

© 2019 The Authors. Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine published by John 
Wiley & Sons Ltd and Foundation for Cellular and Molecular Medicine.

DOI: 10.1111/jcmm.14342
PMCID: PMC6584525
PMID: 31044528 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


916. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Exp Ther Med. 2019 May;17(5):3525-3529. doi: 10.3892/etm.2019.7380. Epub 2019 
Mar 13.

Anticancer activity of bergenin against cervical cancer cells involves 
apoptosis, cell cycle arrest, inhibition of cell migration and the STAT3 
signalling pathway.

Shi X(1), Xu M(2), Luo K(3), Huang W(1), Yu H(1), Zhou T(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Affiliated Cancer Hospital and Institute of 
Guangzhou Medical University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510095, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, The First Affiliated Hospital, Sun 
Yat-sen University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510000, P.R. China.
(3)The Research Institute, Cancer Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University, 
Guangzhou, Guangdong 510095, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Exp Ther Med. 2021 Jun;21(6):653. doi: 10.3892/etm.2021.10085.

Bergenin is a secondary metabolite that may be primarily isolated from Bergenia 
species. Although it has been found to exhibit significant biological 
activities, the anticancer activity of bergenin against cervical cancer cells 
has not been explored. The present study was designed to evaluate the anticancer 
effects of bergenin on HeLa cervical cancer cells. The results showed that 
bergenin reduced the cell viability of the HeLa cervical cancer cells in a 
dose-dependent pattern. However, the anticancer effects of bergenin were found 
to be comparatively lower on the normal cervical cells. Furthermore, the 
anticancer effects of bergenin were primarily found to be due to induction of 
apoptosis in the HeLa cervical cancer cells. Notably, bergenin also enhanced the 
expression of Bax and decreased the expression of Bcl-2. WThe effect of bergenin 
on cell cycle phase distribution of HeLa cells was also investigated and it was 
found that bergenin could induce G0/G1 cell cycle arrest. Furthermore, bergenin 
could also inhibit the migration of HeLa cancer cells as well as the 
phosphorylation of STAT3. Taken together, bergenin may be a promising candidate 
for the management of cervical cancer.

DOI: 10.3892/etm.2019.7380
PMCID: PMC6447771
PMID: 30988733


917. RETRACTED ARTICLE

FEBS Open Bio. 2019 Jun;9(6):1128-1136. doi: 10.1002/2211-5463.12642. Epub 2019 
May 4.

High-intensity focused ultrasound inhibits invasion and metastasis of colon 
cancer cells by enhancing microRNA-124-mediated suppression of STAT3.

Li M(1), Wan G(2), Yu H(2), Xiong W(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Ultrasound, Shanghai University of Traditional Chinese Medicine 
Affiliated PUTUO Hospital, China.
(2)Oncology Department of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Shanghai University of 
Traditional Chinese Medicine Affiliated PUTUO Hospital, China.

Retraction in
    FEBS Open Bio. 2022 Dec;12(12):2259. doi: 10.1002/2211-5463.13507.

Metastasis is the primary contributor to colorectal cancer mortality. 
High-intensity focused ultrasound (HIFU) is an emerging technology for tumor 
therapy that exerts its effects through tumor ablation, mechanical disruption, 
and enhancement of immune responses. However, it remains unclear whether HIFU 
can influence tumor metastasis. Here, we examined the effect of HIFU on tumor 
metastasis of colorectal cancer cells and the underlying mechanisms. HIFU was 
observed to inhibit migration of HCT-116 cells in vitro and suppress lung 
metastasis in a mouse model of colon cancer. In addition, HIFU up-regulated 
microRNA (miR) -124 expression, which inhibited the activation of signal 
transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) and inhibited migration of 
HCT-116 cells. Treatment with an inhibitor of miR-124 reversed the effect of 
HIFU on cell migration. In conclusion, our results suggest that HIFU exerts 
anti-metastatic effects in colon cancer, and this effect is possibly mediated 
via up-regulation of miR-124 and subsequent miR-124-mediated STAT3 suppression.

© 2019 The Authors. Published by FEBS Press and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.

DOI: 10.1002/2211-5463.12642
PMCID: PMC6551491
PMID: 30980700 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


918. Nat Biomed Eng. 2019 Feb;3(2):114-125. doi: 10.1038/s41551-018-0328-5. Epub 2018 
Dec 17.

Interleukin-31-mediated photoablation of pruritogenic epidermal neurons reduces 
itch-associated behaviours in mice.

Nocchi L(1)(2), Roy N(3), D'Attilia M(3), Dhandapani R(3)(4), Maffei M(3)(4), 
Traista A(3), Castaldi L(3)(4), Perlas E(3), Chadick CH(3), Heppenstall 
PA(5)(6).

Author information:
(1)EMBL Rome, Monterotondo, Italy. linda.nocchi@embl.it.
(2)Molecular Medicine Partnership Unit, Heidelberg, Germany. 
linda.nocchi@embl.it.
(3)EMBL Rome, Monterotondo, Italy.
(4)Molecular Medicine Partnership Unit, Heidelberg, Germany.
(5)EMBL Rome, Monterotondo, Italy. paul.heppenstall@embl.it.
(6)Molecular Medicine Partnership Unit, Heidelberg, Germany. 
paul.heppenstall@embl.it.

Itch-a major symptom of many chronic skin diseases-can exacerbate inflammation 
by provoking scratching and subsequent skin damage. Here, we show that 
activation, via near infrared illumination, of a phototoxic agent that 
selectively targets itch-sensing cells can reduce itch-associated behaviours in 
mice. We generated a SNAP-tagged interleukin-31 (IL-31) ligand derivative 
(IL-31K138A-SNAP) that selectively binds receptors on itch-associated cells, 
without evoking IL-31-receptor signalling or scratching, and conjugated it to 
the photosensitizer IRDye 700DX phthalocyanine. Subcutaneous injection of 
IL-31K138A-SNAP-IR700 in mice followed by near infrared illumination resulted in 
the long-term reversal of the scratching behaviour evoked by the pruritogenic 
IL-31, an effect that was associated with the selective retraction of 
itch-sensing neurons in the skin. We also show that a topical preparation of 
IL-31K138A-SNAP-IR700 reversed the behavioural and dermatological indicators of 
disease in mouse models of atopic dermatitis and of the genetic skin disease 
familial primary localized cutaneous amyloidosis. Targeted photoablation may 
enable itch control for the treatment of inflammatory skin diseases.

DOI: 10.1038/s41551-018-0328-5
PMID: 30944432 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


919. RETRACTED ARTICLE

PLoS One. 2019 Apr 3;14(4):e0213918. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0213918. 
eCollection 2019.

Flavor-cyber-agriculture: Optimization of plant metabolites in an open-source 
control environment through surrogate modeling.

Johnson AJ(1), Meyerson E(2)(3), de la Parra J(1)(4), Savas TL(1), Miikkulainen 
R(2)(3), Harper CB(1).

Author information:
(1)Media Lab, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, Massachusetts, 
United States of America.
(2)Department of Computer Science, University of Texas at Austin, Austin, Texas, 
United States of America.
(3)Cognizant Technology Solutions, San Francisco, California, United States of 
America.
(4)Harvard University Herbaria, Harvard University, Cambridge, Massachusetts, 
United States of America.

Retraction in
    PLoS One. 2021 Oct 25;16(10):e0259294. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0259294.

Food production in conventional agriculture faces numerous challenges such as 
reducing waste, meeting demand, maintaining flavor, and providing nutrition. 
Contained environments under artificial climate control, or cyber-agriculture, 
could in principle be used to meet many of these challenges. Through such 
environments, phenotypic expression of the plant-mass, edible yield, flavor, and 
nutrients-can be actuated through a "climate recipe," where light, water, 
nutrients, temperature, and other climate and ecological variables are optimized 
to achieve a desired result. This paper describes a method for doing this 
optimization for the desired result of flavor by combining cyber-agriculture, 
metabolomic phenotype (chemotype) measurements, and machine learning. In a pilot 
experiment, (1) environmental conditions, i.e. photoperiod and ultraviolet (UV) 
light (known to affect production of flavor-active molecules in edible plants) 
were applied under different regimes to basil plants (Ocimum basilicum) growing 
inside a hydroponic farm with an open-source design; (2) flavor-active volatile 
molecules were measured in each plant using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry 
(GC-MS); and (3) symbolic regression was used to construct a surrogate model of 
this chemistry from the input environmental variables, and this model was used 
to discover new combinations of photoperiod and UV light to increase this 
chemistry. These new combinations, or climate recipes, were then implemented in 
the hydroponic farm, and several of them resulted in a marked increase in 
volatiles over control. The process also led to two important insights: it 
demonstrated a "dilution effect", i.e. a negative correlation between weight and 
desirable chemical species, and it discovered the surprising effect that a 
24-hour photoperiod of photosynthetic-active radiation, the equivalent of 
all-day light, induces the most flavor molecule production in basil. In this 
manner, surrogate optimization through machine learning can be used to discover 
effective recipes for cyber-agriculture that would be difficult and 
time-consuming to find using hand-designed experiments.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0213918
PMCID: PMC6447188
PMID: 30943244 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: CBH, AJJ, and TLS received support from: Target 
Corporation, Lee Kum Kee Health Products Group, and Welspun. RM and EM first had 
an affiliation with commercial funder Sentient Technologies and later with 
Cognizant Technology Solutions. There are no patents, products in development or 
marketed products to declare. This does not alter our adherence to PLOS ONE 
policies on sharing data and materials.


920. Biomed Pharmacother. 2019 Jun;114:108765. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2019.108765. 
Epub 2019 Mar 25.

Adipose-derived stem cells: Sources, potency, and implications for regenerative 
therapies.

Si Z(1), Wang X(1), Sun C(1), Kang Y(1), Xu J(1), Wang X(2), Hui Y(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Harbin Medical University, 
Harbin, PR China.
(2)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Harbin Medical University, 
Harbin, PR China; Basic Medical Institute of Heilongjiang Medical Science 
Academy, PR China; Translational Medicine Center of Northern China, PR China.
(3)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Harbin Medical University, 
Harbin, PR China; Basic Medical Institute of Heilongjiang Medical Science 
Academy, PR China; Translational Medicine Center of Northern China, PR China. 
Electronic address: huiyang79@126.com.

Adipose-derived stem cells (ASCs) are a subset of mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) 
that can be obtained easily from adipose tissues and possess many of the same 
regenerative properties as other MSCs. ASCs easily adhere to plastic culture 
flasks, expand in vitro, and have the capacity to differentiate into multiple 
cell lineages, offering the potential to repair, maintain, or enhance various 
tissues. Since human adipose tissue is ubiquitous and easily obtained in large 
quantities using a minimally invasive procedure, the use of autologous ASCs is 
promising for both regenerative medicine and organs damaged by injury and 
disease, leading to a rapidly increasing field of research. ASCs are effective 
for the treatment of severe symptoms such as atrophy, fibrosis, retraction, and 
ulcers induced by radiation therapy. Moreover, ASCs have been shown to be 
effective for pathological wound healing such as aberrant scar formation. 
Additionally, ASCs have been shown to be effective in treating severe refractory 
acute graft-versus-host disease and hematological and immunological disorders 
such as idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura and refractory pure red cell 
aplasia, indicating that ASCs may have immunomodulatory function. Although many 
experimental procedures have been proposed, standardized harvesting protocols 
and processing techniques do not yet exist. Therefore, in this review we focus 
on the current landscape of ASC isolation, identification, location, and 
differentiation ability, and summarize the recent progress in ASC applications, 
the latest preclinical and clinical research, and future approaches for the use 
of ASCs.

Copyright © 2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Masson SAS.. All rights 
reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biopha.2019.108765
PMID: 30921703 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


921. Lasers Med Sci. 2020 Feb;35(1):51-61. doi: 10.1007/s10103-019-02776-7. Epub 2019 
Mar 28.

Photobiomodulation of red and green lights in the repair process of third-degree 
skin burns.

Simões TMS(1), Fernandes Neto JA(1), de Oliveira TKB(2), Nonaka CFW(1), Catão 
MHCV(3).

Author information:
(1)Postgraduate Program in Dentistry, State University of Paraiba, R. Baraúnas, 
531, Bodocongó, Campina Grande, PB, 58429-500, Brazil.
(2)Medical Sciences Faculty, University Center UniFacisa, Av. Sen. Argemiro de 
Figueiredo, 1901, Itararé, Campina Grande, PB, 58411-020, Brazil.
(3)Postgraduate Program in Dentistry, State University of Paraiba, R. Baraúnas, 
531, Bodocongó, Campina Grande, PB, 58429-500, Brazil. mhelenact@zipmail.com.br.

The aim of this study was to evaluate the photobiomodulation of red and green 
lights in the repair process of third-degree skin burns in rats through 
clinicopathological and immunohistochemical parameters. Sixty male Wistar rats 
were divided into three groups: control (CTRL) (n = 20), red LED (RED) (n = 20), 
and green LED (GREEN) (n = 20), with subgroups (n = 5) for each time of 
euthanasia (7, 14, 21, and 28 days). Daily applications in RED (λ630 ± 10 nm, 
300 mW) and GREEN groups (λ520 ± 30 nm, 180 mW) were performed at four points of 
the wound (total 36 J/cm2 in RED and 240 J/cm2 in GREEN). After euthanasia, the 
wound retraction index (WRI) was evaluated. In histological sections, the 
re-epithelialization degree, the angiogenic index (AI), and the amount of 
myofibroblasts in wounds were analyzed. At 14 and 21 days, the RED group induced 
higher re-epithelialization and WRI compared to CTRL (p > 0.05) and GREEN groups 
(p < 0.05). At 7 and 14 days, greater AI were observed in the GREEN group, with 
significant difference in relation to CTRL group at 7 days (p < 0.05). At 21 and 
28 days, a trend was observed for greater amount of myofibroblasts in the GREEN 
group, with significant difference in relation to CTRL group at 21 days 
(p < 0.05). The results suggest greater potential of the green light to 
stimulate angiogenesis in the initial periods and myofibroblastic 
differentiation in the final periods of the repair of third-degree skin burns. 
Red light may stimulate further re-epithelialization and wound retraction, 
especially in advanced repair phases.

DOI: 10.1007/s10103-019-02776-7
PMID: 30919284 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


922. Cell Death Dis. 2019 Mar 27;10(4):289. doi: 10.1038/s41419-019-1482-8.

Retraction Note: Cardamonin induces ROS-mediated G2/M phase arrest and apoptosis 
through inhibition of NF-κB pathway in nasopharyngeal carcinoma.

Li Y(1), Qin Y(2), Yang C(1), Zhang H(3), Li Y(4), Wu B(1), Huang J(1), Zhou 
X(1), Huang B(5)(6), Yang K(1), Wu G(1).

Author information:
(1)Cancer Center, Union Hospital, Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of 
Science and Technology, Wuhan, 430022, China.
(2)Cancer Center, Union Hospital, Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of 
Science and Technology, Wuhan, 430022, China. qinyoudoc@163.com.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Zhejiang Province People's Hospital, Hangzhou, 
Zhejiang, China.
(4)Department of Oncology, Renmin Hospital, Hubei University of Medicine, 
Shiyan, Hubei, China.
(5)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Tongji Medical College, 
Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, Hubei, China.
(6)State Key Laboratory of Medical Molecular Biology and Department of 
Immunology, Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Chinese Academy of Medical 
Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing, China.

Retraction of
    Cell Death Dis. 2017 Aug 31;8(8):e3024. doi: 10.1038/cddis.2017.407.

The authors have retracted this article because of numerous errors in the 
figures.

DOI: 10.1038/s41419-019-1482-8
PMCID: PMC6437145
PMID: 30918243


923. Radiol Case Rep. 2018 Oct 22;14(4):526-529. doi: 10.1016/j.radcr.2018.10.003. 
eCollection 2019 Apr.

Bipartite patella separation and partial quadriceps tendon rupture in the 
setting of trauma.

Seguritan RE(1), Wolfe AR(1), Mena P(1), Bibawy J(1), Bianchi C(2), Solomon 
N(3), Kikkeri V(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Richmond University Medical Center, 355 Bard Ave. 
Staten Island, NY 11310, USA.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, NYU Langone Hospital - Brooklyn, 150 55th 
St. Brooklyn, NY 11220, USA.
(3)St. George's University School of Medicine, Grenada, West Indies.

Normal development of the patella typically involves fusion of secondary 
ossification centers into a single bone during adolescence, with failure of 
fusion resulting in bipartite and tripartite patellae. In such variants, injury 
to incomplete ossification center fusion, though uncommon, has been reported to 
occur in the setting of traumatic quadriceps tendon rupture. The authors present 
a rare and complex case of traumatic bipartite fragment separation, patellar 
avulsion, and a complex partial quadriceps tendon tear confirmed surgically in a 
36-year-old male. In this case, a tear in the lateral aspect of the quadriceps 
tendon attached to the nonfused patellar ossification center resulted in 
retraction of the band containing the bipartite fragment and separation of the 
patellar fragments, with superior displacement of the smaller bony avulsion 
likely due to complex attachments from the medial aspect of the quadriceps 
tendon. Knowledge of the classical locations of a bipartite and tripartite 
patella can aid in the differentiation of the anatomic variant versus patellar 
avulsion. Additionally, knowledge of the variable and complex nature of the 
quadriceps tendon aids in understanding the process of patellar avulsions and 
various tears, leading to the appropriate orthopedic management.

DOI: 10.1016/j.radcr.2018.10.003
PMCID: PMC6412164
PMID: 30906491


924. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2019 Apr 1;103(5):1043-1044. doi: 
10.1016/j.ijrobp.2019.01.001. Epub 2019 Mar 13.

Making Sure Retractions Matter.

Zietman AL(1), Yom SS(2), Braverman LC(3).

Author information:
(1)Editor-in-Chief. Electronic address: azietman@partners.org.
(2)Deputy Editor.
(3)Managing Editor Red Journal.

Comment on
    Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2019 Apr 1;103(5):1036-1042. doi: 
10.1016/j.ijrobp.2018.11.014.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ijrobp.2019.01.001
PMID: 30900557 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


925. Trials. 2019 Mar 20;20(1):177. doi: 10.1186/s13063-019-3278-7.

A single-blind, dose-escalation, phase I study of high-fluence light-emitting 
diode-red light on Caucasian non-Hispanic skin: study protocol for a randomized 
controlled trial.

Wang EB(1), Kaur R(2)(3), Nguyen J(4), Ho D(4), Austin E(4), Maverakis E(3), Li 
CS(5), Hwang ST(3), Isseroff RR(2)(3), Jagdeo J(6)(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Dermatology, Stanford University, 269 Campus Drive CCSR 2150, 
Stanford, CA, 94305, USA.
(2)Dermatology Service, Sacramento VA Medical Center, 10535 Hospital Way, 
Mather, CA, 95655, USA.
(3)Department of Dermatology, University of California Davis, 3301 C Street, 
Suite 1400, Sacramento, CA, 95816, USA.
(4)Department of Dermatology, The State University of New York Downstate Medical 
Center, 450 Clarkson Avenue MSC 46, Brooklyn, NY, 11203, USA.
(5)School of Nursing, The State University of New York, University of Buffalo, 
3435 Main St, Buffalo, NY, 14214, USA.
(6)Department of Dermatology, The State University of New York Downstate Medical 
Center, 450 Clarkson Avenue MSC 46, Brooklyn, NY, 11203, USA. 
jrjagdeo@gmail.com.
(7)Dermatology Service, VA New York Harbor Healthcare System - Brooklyn Campus, 
800 Poly Pl, Brooklyn, NY, 11209, USA. jrjagdeo@gmail.com.

BACKGROUND: Visible light (400 to 700 nm) is common in our environment, 
comprising 44% of total solar radiation and a large component of environmental 
light exposure. The effects of visible light on skin remain undefined. The red 
light portion of the visible spectrum (600 to 700 nm) may be used to treat skin 
diseases as a monotherapeutic modality or in combination with other agents. 
Light-emitting diode-red light (LED-RL) phototherapy may represent an important 
advance in light-based treatment modalities because it is non-invasive, 
inexpensive, portable, and easily combinable with other therapies. We previously 
determined the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of high-fluence LED-RL (HF-LED-RL) 
in skin of color individuals to be 320 J/cm2. To the best of our knowledge, no 
clinical trials have been performed to determine the safety of higher doses of 
HF-LED-RL in Caucasian non-Hispanic individuals. The aim of this study is to 
investigate the safety of HF-LED-RL at doses of 480 and 640 J/cm2 in healthy 
Caucasian non-Hispanic individuals.
METHODS: This is a single-blind, dose-escalation, randomized, controlled, phase 
I trial titled Safety Trial Assessing Red-light on Skin (STARS) 2. Healthy 
subjects will be randomly assigned to groups of five (three subjects randomly 
assigned to HF-LED-RL phototherapy and two subjects randomly assigned to mock 
therapy). Subjects in group 1 will receive HF-LED-RL or mock irradiation at the 
starting dose of 480 J/cm2, and the dose will be escalated in the subsequent 
group (group 2) to 640 J/cm2. The MTD is defined as the dose level below the 
dose at which two or more subjects (>20% of the cohort) experience a 
dose-limiting toxicity (DLT). After either the MTD is established or the study 
endpoint of 640 J/cm2 is achieved, additional HF-LED-RL phototherapy subjects 
and mock therapy subjects will be enrolled at that fluence (group 3) for a total 
number of up to 60 subjects. Each subject will receive a total of nine 
irradiation sessions, three times per week for three consecutive weeks.
DISCUSSION: This follow-up study aims to provide important knowledge about 
safety and cutaneous effects of HF-LED-RL phototherapy of 480 and 640 J/cm2 in 
Caucasian non-Hispanic subjects. The importance of this clinical trial is that 
it may establish new treatment paradigms and a safety profile for LED-RL based 
on race and ethnicity.
TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03433222 . Registered on 
February 1, 2018 - Retrospectively registered. Protocol date and version: 
January 12, 2018; version 1.

DOI: 10.1186/s13063-019-3278-7
PMCID: PMC6425608
PMID: 30894210 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: ETHICS APPROVAL AND CONSENT TO PARTICIPATE: 
Study approval was obtained from the Institutional Review Board (IRB) Human 
Studies Subcommittee at the Sacramento VA Medical Center (reference 
[18]–01-00804) on January 26, 2018. Any protocol amendments will require IRB 
approval. Routine auditing of this study will be performed in accordance with VA 
guidelines. The protocol identification number on ClinicalTrials.gov is 
NCT03433222. This study will be conducted in accordance with medical 
professional codex and the Helsinki Declaration as of 1996 as well as Data 
Security Laws and Good Clinical Practice criteria. Written IRB-approved informed 
consent will be obtained from all subjects prior to enrollment, and subjects 
will be given adequate time to declare whether they wish to participate in this 
study before signing the consent form. Study participation is voluntary and can 
be withdrawn at any time without provision of reason and without negative 
consequences for future medical care. CONSENT FOR PUBLICATION: Not applicable. 
COMPETING INTERESTS: The authors declare that they have no competing interests. 
PUBLISHER’S NOTE: Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional 
claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.


926. RETRACTED ARTICLE

RSC Adv. 2019 Mar 21;9(16):9289-9300. doi: 10.1039/c9ra00089e. eCollection 2019 
Mar 15.

Retracted Article: Structural characterization of peptides from Locusta 
migratoria manilensis (Meyen, 1835) and anti-aging effect in Caenorhabditis 
elegans.

Cao H(1), Luo Q(1), Wang H(1)(2), Liu Z(1)(2), Li G(3), Liu J(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)The Research Center of Allergy & Immunology, Shenzhen University School of 
Medicine Shenzhen 518060 PR China jnuoligopeptide@sina.com +86 0755-86671907 +86 
0755-86671907.
(2)Department of Allergy, The Third Affiliated Hospital of Shenzhen University 
Shenzhen 518020 PR China.
(3)College of Food Science and Engineering, Foshan University Foshan 528000 PR 
China lzgszuniversity@sina.com +86 0755-86671903 +86 0755-86671903.

Retraction in
    RSC Adv. 2022 Apr 28;12(19):11605. doi: 10.1039/d2ra90038f.

Locusts are a kind of agricultural pest rich in protein and widely eaten by 
people, yet, the nutritional and antioxidant activities of locust peptide have 
never been explored. In the current study, the locust peptides (LPs) were 
isolated from the Locusta migratoria manilensis (Meyen, 1835) and the anti-aging 
effects on Caenorhabditis elegans (C. elegans) were evaluated. The mean lifespan 
of C. elegans was significantly extended using LPs with a concentration of 1.0 
mg mL-1. Out of the 23 peptides, LP-1, a pentapeptide with The-Phe-Lys-His-Gly 
sequence, with a concentration of 2.5 mg mL-1 significantly extended the 
lifespan of the worms by 23.5%. Additionally, LP-1 was observed to be a strong 
free radical-scavenger which can improve the survival of the C. elegans under 
oxidative stress, thermal stress and UV radiation. Furthermore, the LP-1 can 
up-regulate the expression of the transcription factor DAF-16 and jnk-1, 
suggesting that LP-1 may promote the C. elegans lifespan and stress resistance 
through a JNK-1-DAF-16 pathway. This study will be significant for the 
development of locusts and improvement of functional insect peptide production.

This journal is © The Royal Society of Chemistry.

DOI: 10.1039/c9ra00089e
PMCID: PMC9061974
PMID: 35517704

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


927. J Cancer Res Ther. 2019 Jan-Mar;15(1):204-210. doi: 10.4103/jcrt.JCRT_707_17.

Evaluation of positional accuracy of the Varian's exact-arm and retractable-arm 
support electronic portal imaging device using intensity-modulated radiotherapy 
graticule phantom.

Singh R(1), Kainth HS(2), Dev S(1), Singh G(2), Mehta D(2), Shahi JS(2), Singh 
B(3), Verma TR(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and 
Research; Department of Physics, Panjab University, Chandigarh, India.
(2)Department of Physics, Panjab University, Chandigarh, India.
(3)Department of Nuclear Medicine, Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education 
and Research, Chandigarh, India.
(4)Department of Radiotherapy, King George's Medical University, Lucknow, Uttar 
Pradesh, India.

PURPOSE: The aim of the present study was to compare the positional accuracy of 
varian's exact-arm (E-arm) and retractable-arm (R-arm) supporting electronic 
portal imaging device (EPID) systems (amorphous silicon flat-panel detector) 
using the intensity-modulated radiotherapy (IMRT) graticule phantom.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: The known shifts of 0.5, 1.0, and 1.5 cm were introduced 
to the given phantom in longitudinal, lateral, and vertical directions, 
respectively, with respect to treatment couch of medical linear accelerator. The 
experiment was repeated for different gantry angle and varying source to imager 
distances (SIDs). The images were acquired for each shift at varying SIDs and 
beam orientations for both EPID supporting systems. The corresponding shifts 
obtained from treatment planning system (TPS) were recorded and compared.
RESULTS: The known (expected) and observed (recorded from TPS) shifts obtained 
for different beam angles (namely, 0°, 90°, 180°, and 270° for anterior, left 
lateral, posterior, and right-lateral portal images, respectively) in the 
longitudinal, lateral, and vertical direction at varying SID were compared. The 
maximum shift in the observed value from the expected one was 3 and 2 mm, 
respectively, out of the all beam configuration for R-arm and E-arm. These 
shifts were randomly observed for all imager position and beam orientation.
CONCLUSION: The IMRT graticule phantom is an effective tool to check the 
mechanical characteristic and consistency of different EPID supporting arms. The 
effect of EPID sag due to gravity (gantry and treatment couch) was not 
significant for detection of shift in patient's position. The E-arm support EPID 
has better mechanical stability and accuracy in detection of patient's position 
than that of R-arm.

DOI: 10.4103/jcrt.JCRT_707_17
PMID: 30880779 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: None


928. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Radiat Res. 2019 May 1;60(3):318-327. doi: 10.1093/jrr/rrz003.

SERPINB2 overexpression inhibited cell proliferation, invasion and migration, 
led to G2/M arrest, and increased radiosensitivity in nasopharyngeal carcinoma 
cells.

Zhang XM(1), Wang T(1), Hu P(1), Li B(2), Liu H(1), Cheng YF(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Qilu Hospital of Shandong University, No. 107, 
Wenhua West Road, Lixia District, Jinan, Shandong Province, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Radiology, Qilu Hospital of Shandong University, No. 107, 
Wenhua West Road, Lixia District, Jinan, Shandong Province, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    J Radiat Res. 2022 Dec 6;63(6):885. doi: 10.1093/jrr/rrac076.

The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of SERPINB2 on cell 
proliferation, cell cycle, epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), invasion, 
migration, and radiosensitivity in nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells. Both CNE2R 
and CNE2 cells were transfected with pEGFP-N1-SERPINB2. Cell proliferation was 
measured by MTT assay, cell cycle by flow cytometry, and SERpINB2 expression by 
quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Western blot was 
carried out to detect the protein expression. In addition, SERPINB2 and 
β-catenin were located intracellularly using an immunofluorescent assay, and 
cell migration and invasion were measured by wound healing and Transwell assays, 
respectively. Radiosensitivity was assessed using colony formation and MTT 
assays. SERPINB2 expression was downregulated in CNE2R cells. After transfection 
with pEGFP-N1-SERPINB2, the OD values were decreased, and there was an increased 
fraction in the G2/M phase. Moreover, SERPINB2 overexpression could inhibit the 
invasion and migration capabilities of CNE2R and CNE2 cells, with downregulation 
of vimentin, N-cadherin, nuclear β-catenin, matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-2 and 
MMP-9, and upregulation of E-cadherin. Moreover, transfection with the SERPINB2 
plasmid reduced the growth rate of CNE2R cells at doses of 2, 4 and 6 Gy, and 
also decreased the surviving fractions. Overexpression of SERPINB2 could reduce 
the proliferation, invasion and migration capabilities of CNE2R and CNE2 cells, 
and led to G2/M arrest via EMT inhibition, and this may be a potential strategy 
for enhancing the radiation sensitivity of nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells.

© The Author(s) 2019. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of The 
Japan Radiation Research Society and Japanese Society for Radiation Oncology.

DOI: 10.1093/jrr/rrz003
PMCID: PMC6530626
PMID: 30864656 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


929. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2019 Feb 4;2019:5152072. doi: 10.1155/2019/5152072. 
eCollection 2019.

Apatinib Promotes Apoptosis of Pancreatic Cancer Cells through Downregulation of 
Hypoxia-Inducible Factor-1α and Increased Levels of Reactive Oxygen Species.

He K(1)(2)(3), Wu L(4)(5)(6), Ding Q(5), Haider F(1)(2), Yu H(5), Wang H(1)(2), 
Xiang G(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Biochemistry, Zhongshan School of Medicine, Sun Yat-sen 
University, Guangzhou 510080, China.
(2)Center for Stem Cell Biology and Tissue Engineering, Key Laboratory of 
Ministry of Education, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou 510080, China.
(3)Department of General Surgery, Guangdong Second Provincial General Hospital, 
Guangzhou 510317, China.
(4)Department of Radiation and Medical Oncology, Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan 
University, Wuhan University, Wuhan 430071, China.
(5)Department of Gastroenterology, Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University, Wuhan 
430060, China.
(6)Department of Radiation and Medical Oncology, Hubei Key Laboratory of Tumor 
Biological Behaviors, Hubei Clinical Cancer Study Center, Zhongnan Hospital, 
Wuhan University, Wuhan, Hubei 430071, China.

Retraction in
    Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2024 Jan 9;2024:9786072. doi: 10.1155/2024/9786072.

At present, apatinib is considered a new generation agent for the treatment of 
patients with gastric cancer. However, the effects of apatinib on pancreatic 
cancer have not been clarified. This study investigated the impact of apatinib 
on the biological function of pancreatic cancer cells and the potential 
mechanism involved in this process. Using the Cell Counting Kit-8 method, we 
confirmed that apatinib treatment inhibited cell proliferation in vitro. 
Moreover, the migration rate of pancreatic cells was inhibited. The effects of 
apatinib on apoptosis and cell cycle distribution of pancreatic carcinoma cells 
were detected by flow cytometry. The number of apoptotic cells was significantly 
increased, and the cell cycle was altered. Furthermore, we demonstrated that 
apatinib inhibited the expression of hypoxia-inducible factor-1α (HIF-1α), 
vascular endothelial growth factor, and markers of the phosphoinositide 3-kinase 
(PI3K)/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway, which increased the levels of reactive oxygen 
species in vitro. Apatinib significantly inhibited the biological function of 
pancreatic cancer cells. It promoted apoptosis, downregulated the expression of 
HIF-1α, and increased the levels of reactive oxygen species.

DOI: 10.1155/2019/5152072
PMCID: PMC6378789
PMID: 30863481 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


930. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Artif Cells Nanomed Biotechnol. 2019 Dec;47(1):833-843. doi: 
10.1080/21691401.2019.1576711.

The Notch signal mediates macrophage polarization by regulating miR-125a/miR-99b 
expression.

Li Q(1), He X(1), Yu Q(2), Wu Y(3), Du M(1), Chen J(1), Peng F(1), Zhang W(1), 
Chen J(1), Wang Y(1), Chen H(1), Wang H(1), He D(1), Wang Q(4).

Author information:
(1)a Department of Radiation Oncology , Jiangsu Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu 
Institute of Cancer Research, The Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Nanjing Medical 
University , Nanjing , PR China.
(2)b Department of General Surgery , Jiangsu Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu Institute 
of Cancer Research, The Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Nanjing Medical University 
, Nanjing , PR China.
(3)c Department of Internal Medicine , Jiangsu Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu 
Institute of Cancer Research, The Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Nanjing Medical 
University , Nanjing , PR China.
(4)d Department of Radiation Oncology , Xuzhou Cancer Hospital , Xuzhou , PR 
China.

Retraction in
    Artif Cells Nanomed Biotechnol. 2019 Dec;47(1):4273. doi: 
10.1080/21691401.2019.1690770.

We aimed to explore the mediating role of Notch signal in macrophage 
polarization. This signal was knocked out from macrophages of Lyz2 cre and RBP-J 
flox mice. Bone marrow-derived macrophages (BMDMs) were isolated and polarized. 
The expressions of polarization markers in BMDMs 24 h after transfection were 
detected by qPCR. After Notch knockout, the expressions of M1 markers decreased 
but those of M2 markers increased significantly. MiR-125a/miR-99b and Spaca6 
were highly and lowly expressed upon M1 and M2 polarizations, respectively. The 
expressions of experimental group were significantly lower than those of control 
group. Overexpression of miR-125a significantly promoted the expressions of M1 
markers, whereas inhibited those of M2 markers. NO release in the culture 
supernatant of miR-125a overexpression group significantly exceeded that of 
control group. Transfection with miR-125a inhibitor significantly down-regulated 
IL-12 expression but up-regulated MR expression in BMDMs. The supernatant 
secreted by M1 macrophages significantly facilitated BS524 cell apoptosis, which 
was enhanced after miR-125a overexpression. The TNF-α expression of miR-99b 
overexpression group increased whereas that of MR decreased significantly. The 
miR-125a/miR-99b cluster contained an RBP-J specific recognition site in the 
first intron of initial transcript. The Notch signalling pathway promoted 
macrophage polarization into M1 phenotype by up-regulating miR-125a/miR-99b 
expression.

DOI: 10.1080/21691401.2019.1576711
PMID: 30862190 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


931. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Ther Nucleic Acids. 2019 Jun 7;16:130-140. doi: 10.1016/j.omtn.2018.12.006. 
Epub 2018 Dec 15.

Long Non-coding RNA PVT1 Competitively Binds MicroRNA-424-5p to Regulate CARM1 
in Radiosensitivity of Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.

Wang D(1), Hu Y(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medical Oncology, Chinese PLA General Hospital, Beijing 100853, 
China; Department of Oncology, Affiliated Hospital of Inner Mongolia University 
for Nationalities, Tongliao 028000, China.
(2)Department of Medical Oncology, Chinese PLA General Hospital, Beijing 100853, 
China. Electronic address: drhuyi_hy@163.com.

Retraction in
    Mol Ther Nucleic Acids. 2022 May 19;28:755. doi: 10.1016/j.omtn.2022.05.027.

Accumulating evidence revealed that dysregulated long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) 
were involved in tumorigenesis and progression. This study is supposed to reveal 
the effects of lncRNA PVT1 on the radiosensitivity of non-small-cell lung cancer 
(NSCLC) via the microRNA (miR)-424-5p/lncRNA PVT1/CARM1 signaling pathway. 
Differentially expressed lncRNA was filtrated. The co-expressed gene of lncRNA 
was predicted, and gene ontology analysis was performed to find out the genes 
associated with NSCLC radiosensitivity. The miR that was combined with lncRNA 
and mRNA was filtrated. Two cell lines with the highest expressed PVT1 were 
selected, followed by transfection with a series of different mimic, inhibitor, 
or siRNA. RIP assay was employed for the interaction between PVT1 and CARM1. The 
regulatory effect of miR-424-5p on cell proliferation, migration, invasion, 
cycle, and apoptosis was investigated. PVT1 was the most remarkable lncRNA that 
upregulated in NSCLC. CARM1 co-expressed with lncRNA PVT1 and associated with 
NSCLC radiosensitivity. Both lncRNA PVT1 and CARM1 can combine with miR-424-5p. 
Increased PVT1, CARM1, MMP-2, MMP-9, and Bcl-2 and decreased miR-424-5p and Bax 
were found in NSCLC tissues. PVT1 was targeted by miR-424-5p. After silencing of 
PVT1 or overexpressed miR-424-5p, decreased PVT1, CARM1, MMP-2, MMP-9, and Bcl-2 
inhibited cell proliferation, migration, and invasion but promoted miR-424-5p, 
Bax, and cell apoptosis. The present study confirms the radiosensitivity of 
NSCLC radiotherapy can be increased by siRNA-PVT1 and overexpressed miR-424-5p.

Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.omtn.2018.12.006
PMCID: PMC6411630
PMID: 30861415


932. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Aging (Albany NY). 2019 Mar 11;11(5):1427-1439. doi: 10.18632/aging.101843.

FoxD2-AS1 promotes glioma progression by regulating miR-185-5P/HMGA2 axis and 
PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.

Ni W(#)(1)(2)(3), Xia Y(#)(4)(5)(6), Bi Y(1)(2)(3), Wen F(1)(2)(3), Hu 
D(1)(2)(3), Luo L(1)(2)(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, The Third Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical 
University, Kunming 650118, Yunan Province, China.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Yunnan Cancer Hospital, Kunming 650118, Yunan 
Province, China.
(3)Department of Neurosurgery, Yunnan Cancer Center, Kunming 650118, Yunan 
Province, China.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, The Third Affiliated Hospital of Kunming 
Medical University, Kunming 650118, Yunan Province, China.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Yunnan Cancer Hospital, Kunming 650118, 
Yunan Province, China.
(6)Department of Radiation Oncology, Yunnan Cancer Center, Kunming 650118, Yunan 
Province, China.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    Aging (Albany NY). 2023 Apr 14;15(7):2812. doi: 10.18632/aging.204664.

BACKGROUND/AIMS: The present study was aimed at exploring the role of long 
noncoding RNA (lncRNA) FOXD2-AS1 in the development and progression of glioma 
and the underlying mechanism of FOXD2-AS1/miR-185-5p/HMGA2 network in glioma via 
regulation of PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
METHODS: Microarray analysis was used for preliminary screening for candidate 
lncRNAs and mRNAs in glioma tissues. qRT-PCR and Western blot were used to 
determine the expression of FOXD2-AS1. The potential effects of FOXD2-AS1 on the 
viability, mobility and apoptosis of glioma cells were evaluated using MTT 
assay, Transwell assays and flow cytometry. The xenograft tumor model was 
performed to examine the influence of the lncRNA FOXD2-AS1/miR-185-5p/HMGA2 
network on the biological functions of glioma cells. Luciferase assay and 
immunoprecipitation assay were examined to dissect molecular mechanisms.
RESULTS: LncRNA FOXD2-AS1 was overexpressed in human glioma, and upregulated 
FOXD2-AS11 expression indicated higher WHO grade (p < 0.05). MiR-185-5p was 
downregulated, whereas HMGA2 was upregulated in glioma tissues in comparison 
with para-carcinoma tissues. FOXD2-AS1 could regulate the expression of HMGA2 
via miR-185-5p. Knockdown of FOXD2-AS1 significantly inhibited proliferation and 
metastatic potential of glioma cells, whereas endogenous expression FOXD2-AS1 
inhibited the glioma cell activity through targeting HMGA2.
CONCLUSIONS: lncRNA FOXD2-AS1 acted as a sponge of miR-185-5p and influenced the 
PI3K/Akt signaling pathway through regulating HMGA2. LncRNA FOXD2-AS1 modulated 
HMGA2 and PI3K/Akt downstream signaling through sponging miR-185-5p, thereby 
promoting tumorigenesis and progression of glioma.

DOI: 10.18632/aging.101843
PMCID: PMC6428107
PMID: 30860979 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: CONFLICTS OF INTEREST: The authors declare no 
conflicts of interest.


933. Radiographics. 2019 Mar-Apr;39(2):578-595. doi: 10.1148/rg.2019180095.

Expected and Unexpected Imaging Findings after (90)Y Transarterial 
Radioembolization for Liver Tumors.

Spina JC(1), Hume I(1), Pelaez A(1), Peralta O(1), Quadrelli M(1), Garcia Monaco 
R(1).

Author information:
(1)From the Departments of Radiology (J.C.S., A.P., O.P., M.Q., R.G.M.) and 
Nuclear Medicine (I.H.), Hospital Italiano, Tte Gral Juan Domingo Perón 4230, 
C1199ABH CABA, Buenos Aires, Argentina.

Transarterial radioembolization (TARE), also called radioembolization or 
selective internal radiation therapy, is an interventional radiology technique 
used to treat primary liver tumors and liver metastases. The aim of this therapy 
is to deliver tumoricidal doses of radiation to liver tumors while selecting a 
safe radiation dose limit for nontumoral liver and lung tissue. Hence, correct 
treatment planning is essential to obtaining good results. However, this 
treatment invariably results in some degree of irradiation of normal liver 
parenchyma, inducing different radiologic findings that may affect follow-up 
image interpretation. When evaluating treatment response, the treated area size, 
tumor necrosis, devascularization, and changes seen at functional MRI must be 
taken into account. Unlike with other interventional procedures, with TARE, it 
can take several months for the tumor response to become evident. Ideally, 
responding lesions will show reduced size and decreased enhancement 3-6 months 
after treatment. In addition, during follow-up, there are many imaging findings 
related to the procedure itself (eg, peritumoral edema, inflammation, ring 
enhancement, hepatic fibrosis, and capsular retraction) that can make image 
interpretation and response evaluation difficult. Possible complications, either 
hepatic or extrahepatic, also can occur and include biliary injuries, hepatic 
abscess, radioembolization-induced liver disease, and radiation pneumonitis or 
dermatitis. A complete understanding of these possible posttreatment changes is 
essential for correct radiologic interpretations during the follow-up of 
patients who have undergone TARE. ©RSNA, 2019.

DOI: 10.1148/rg.2019180095
PMID: 30844345 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


934. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biosci Rep. 2019 Mar 22;39(3):BSR20182489. doi: 10.1042/BSR20182489. Print 2019 
Mar 29.

Long noncoding RNA TUG1 promotes proliferation and inhibits apoptosis in 
multiple myeloma by inhibiting miR-29b-3p.

Liu D(1), Wang J(2), Liu M(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Lymph and Vascular Surgery, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, Changchun 130033, PR China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun 130033, PR China jfwang@jlu.edu.cn liumeihan1220@sina.com.
(3)Department of Ultrasonography, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, Changchun 130033, PR China jfwang@jlu.edu.cn liumeihan1220@sina.com.

Retraction in
    Biosci Rep. 2021 Jun 25;41(6):BSR-2018-2489_RET. doi: 
10.1042/BSR-2018-2489_RET.

Background: Long non-coding RNA taurine up-regulated gene 1 (TUG1) was 
reportedly involved in initiation and development of several cancers. However, 
its function and molecular mechanisms in multiple myeloma (MM) are still 
unclear. The present study aimed to determine the expression status, biological 
function, and potential mechanisms of TUG1 in the progression of MM.Materials 
and methods: The expression levels of TUG1 were examined in MM samples and cell 
lines by real-time quantitative PCR. The effects of TUG1 on MM cells 
proliferation and apoptosis were assessed using Cell Counting Kit-8 assay and 
flow cytometry respectively. MiRNAs-targeted sites in TUG1 were screened by 
Starbase2.0 and were identified by RNA immunoprecipitation assay combined with 
luciferase reporter assay.Results: The expression levels of TUG1 were markedly 
increased in MM samples and cell lines. Knockdown of TUG1 significantly 
suppressed the proliferation, induced cell cycle arrest at G1/G0 phase, and 
promoted apoptosis of MM cells. In exploring the regulatory mechanism, 
miR-29b-3p was confirmed to be a direct target of TUG1, and repression of 
miR-29b-3p could partially rescue the effect TUG1 knockdown on MM cell 
proliferation, cycle, and apoptosis. In addition, TUG1 positively 
modulated histone deacetylases 4 (HDAC4, a target of miR-29b-3p) expression 
through sponging of miR-29b-3p in MM cells.Conclusion: These findings suggested 
that TUG1 exerted an oncogenic role in MM by acting as a competing endogenous 
RNA of miR-29b-3p, and implied the potential application of TUG1 in treatment 
for MM.

© 2019 The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1042/BSR20182489
PMCID: PMC6430741
PMID: 30842339 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no competing 
interests associated with the manuscript.


935. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Imaging. 2019 Mar 4;19(1):12. doi: 10.1186/s40644-019-0199-3.

Ultrasound Elastography supplement assessing nodal status of magnetic resonance 
imaging staged cervical N0 patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma.

Li J(1), Han F(2), Mo Y(3), Chen X(4), Li Y(5), Zuo F(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Ultrasound, Sun Yat-Sen 
University Cancer Center, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in South China, 
Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, No.651, Dong-feng-dong 
Road, Guangzhou, 510060, China. lijian@sysucc.org.cn.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Sun Yat-Sen University Cancer Center, State 
Key Laboratory of Oncology in South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for 
Cancer Medicine, No.651, Dong-feng-dong Road, Guangzhou, 510060, China.
(3)Department of Radiology, Sun Yat-Sen University Cancer Center, State Key 
Laboratory of Oncology in South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for 
Cancer Medicine, No.651, Dong-feng-dong Road, Guangzhou, 510060, China.
(4)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Ultrasound, Sun Yat-Sen 
University Cancer Center, State Key Laboratory of Oncology in South China, 
Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, No.651, Dong-feng-dong 
Road, Guangzhou, 510060, China.
(5)Department of Pathology, Sun Yat-Sen University Cancer Center, State Key 
Laboratory of Oncology in South China, Collaborative Innovation Center for 
Cancer Medicine, No.651, Dong-feng-dong Road, Guangzhou, 510060, China.

Retraction in
    Cancer Imaging. 2019 Aug 2;19(1):55. doi: 10.1186/s40644-019-0242-4.

BACKGROUND: To determine whether ultrasound elastography can distinguish 
reactive or metastatic small lymph nodes (sLN) of magnetic resonance imaging 
(MRI) staged cervical N0 patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC).
METHODS: A pilot study was performed involving the diagnostic performances of 
conventional high-frequency ultrasound (CHFU) and/or shear wave elastography 
(SWE) for predicting metastases in sLN of MRI-staged N0 NPC patients with 
reference to the histologically-proven ultrasound guided core needle biopsy 
(US-CNB). The diagnosis of CHFU was based on the superficial lymph node 
ultrasonic criteria with the five-point-scale (FPS). The mean (Emean), minimum 
(Emin) and maximum (Emax) of the elasticity indices were measured by SWE at the 
stiffest part of the sLN in kilopascal. Diagnostic performances were analyzed 
using a receiver operating curve (ROC) on a per-node basis. The authenticity of 
this article has been validated by uploading the key raw data onto the Research 
Data Deposit public platform ( http://www.researchdata.org.cn ), with the 
approval RDD number as RDDA2017000447.
RESULTS: All 113 cervical sLN of 49 MRI-staged cervical N0 NPC patients 
underwent evaluation of CHFU and SWE; 38 sLN (FPS < 2) were regarded as benign, 
which were excluded from subsequent analysis due to none biopsy-proven. And 75 
indeterminate sLN (FPS ≥ 2) were referred to US-CNB and revealed 15 (20%) 
metastases. All SWE elastic indices were significantly higher in malignant sLNs 
than in benign sLNs (p < 0.05). Moreover, Emax exhibited the highest diagnostic 
value (AUC:0.733 ± 0.067, p = 0.005) with excellent measurement reproducibility 
(ICC: 0.786; 95%CI: 0.684, 0.864). CHFU plus SWE was superior to CHFU or SWE 
alone for predicting metastases in sLN of MRI-staged N0 patients with NPC 
(p < 0.001).
CONCLUSIONS: CHFU plus SWE is an optional non-invasive modality to supplement 
MRI in assessing cervical nodal status of patients with NPC.

DOI: 10.1186/s40644-019-0199-3
PMCID: PMC6399938
PMID: 30832735 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: ETHICS APPROVAL AND CONSENT TO PARTICIPATE: The 
study was approved by the Institutional Review Board of Ethical and Research 
Committee of local institution (Approval No: YB2014–26); and a consent was 
signed to participate. CONSENT FOR PUBLICATION: Not applicable. COMPETING 
INTERESTS: None. PUBLISHER’S NOTE: Springer Nature remains neutral with regard 
to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.


936. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cell Biochem. 2019 Jun;120(6):9556-9563. doi: 10.1002/jcb.28232. Epub 2019 Mar 
1.

Long noncoding RNA 00460 (LINC00460) promotes glioma progression by negatively 
regulating miR-320a.

Feng L(1), Rao M(2), Zhou Y(3), Zhang Y(2), Zhu Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, China.
(2)Department of Gastroenterology, The First Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, China.
(3)Department of the Gastrointestinal Surgery, The People's Hospital of Jilin 
Province, Changchun, China.

Retraction in
    J Cell Biochem. 2021 Nov;122 Suppl 1:S132. doi: 10.1002/jcb.30119.

OBJECTIVE: Long noncoding RNA 00460 (LINC00460) has been reported to contribute 
to tumorigenesis in multiple types of human malignancies. However, the 
biological role and the underlying molecular mechanism of LINC00460 in glioma 
remain unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate the clinical value, the 
biological function, and the potential mechanism of LINC00460 in glioma.
METHODS: The expression level of LINC00460 in glioma tissues and cell lines was 
examined by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Cell 
Counting Kit-8, flow cemetery, wound healing, and transwell invasion assays were 
used to explore the effect of LINC00460 on glioma cell proliferation, apoptosis, 
migration, and invasion. qRT-PCR and reporter assays were used to further verify 
the regulatory mechanism of LINC00460 in glioma progression.
RESULTS: LINC00460 expression was upregulated in glioma tissues and cell lines 
compared with non-tumor brain samples and astrocyte cell line (NHA), 
respectively. Moreover, increased LINC00460 expression was closely associated 
with glioma tumor grade. Loss-of-function assays revealed that knockdown of 
LINC00460 significantly inhibited glioma cell proliferation, induced cell 
apoptosis, and suppressed migration and invasion. The mechanistic assays 
disclosed that LINC00460 binded to miR-320a in a sequence-specific manner and 
regulated its expression. Moreover, miR-320 inhibition partially attenuated 
LINC00460 knockdown-mediated suppressive effects on glioma cell proliferation, 
migration, and invasion.
CONCLUSION: These findings suggested that LINC00460 might function as an 
oncogenic lncRNA in glioma development and could be explored as a potential 
therapeutic target for glioma.

© 2019 The Authors. Journal of Cellular Biochemistry published by Wiley 
Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/jcb.28232
PMCID: PMC6593862
PMID: 30825219 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest.


937. Strahlenther Onkol. 2019 Oct;195(10):923-933. doi: 10.1007/s00066-019-01445-6. 
Epub 2019 Mar 1.

Rectal retractor application during image-guided dose-escalated prostate 
radiotherapy.

[Article in English]

Mahdavi SR(1), Ghaffari H(2), Mofid B(3), Rostami A(1), Reiazi R(1), Janani 
L(4).

Author information:
(1)Junction of Shahid Hemmat and Chamran Expressways, Department of Medical 
Physics, School of Medicine, Iran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(2)Junction of Shahid Hemmat and Chamran Expressways, Department of Medical 
Physics, School of Medicine, Iran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran. 
hamedghaffari@yahoo.com.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Shohada-e-Tajrish Medical Center, Shahid 
Beheshti University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(4)Department of Biostatistics, School of Public Health, Iran University of 
Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.

PURPOSE: To investigate efficacy of a rectal retractor (RR) on rectal dose 
during image-guided dose-escalated prostate three-dimensional conformal 
radiotherapy (3DCRT).
PATIENTS AND METHODS: In all, 21 patients with localized prostate cancer were 
treated with a RR for 3DCRT in 40 × 2 Gy. Patient underwent two scans for 
radiotherapy planning, without and with RR. RR was used for the first half of 
the treatment sessions. Two plans were created for each patient to compare the 
effect of RR on rectal doses. PTW-31014 Pinpoint chamber embedded within RR was 
used for in vivo dosimetry in 6 of 21 patients. The patient tolerance and acute 
rectal toxicity were surveyed during radiotherapy using Common Terminology 
Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) v.4.0.
RESULTS: Patients tolerated the RR well during 20 fractions with mild degree of 
anal irritation. Using a RR significantly reduced the rectal wall (RW), anterior 
RW and posterior RW dose-volume parameters. The average RW Dmean was 29.4 and 
43.0 Gy for plans with and without RR, respectively. The mean discrepancy 
between the measured dose and planned dose was -3.8% (±4.9%). Grade 1 diarrhea, 
rectal urgency and proctitis occurred in 4, 2 and 3 cases, respectively. There 
were no grade ≥2 acute rectal toxicities during the treatment.
CONCLUSION: Rectal retraction resulted in a significant reduction of rectal 
doses with a safe toxicity profile, which may reduce rectal toxicity. Dosimeter 
inserted into the RR providing a practical method for in vivo dosimetric 
verification. Further prospective clinical studies will be necessary to 
demonstrate the clinical advantage of RR.

DOI: 10.1007/s00066-019-01445-6
PMID: 30824942 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


938. Phys Med. 2019 Feb;58:47-53. doi: 10.1016/j.ejmp.2019.01.011. Epub 2019 Jan 24.

Optimizing beam models for dosimetric accuracy over a wide range of treatments.

Chen J(1), Morin O(2), Weethee B(2), Perez-Andujar A(2), Phillips J(2), Held 
M(2), Kearney V(2), Han DY(2), Cheung J(2), Chuang C(2), Valdes G(2), Sudhyadhom 
A(2), Solberg T(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of California San Francisco, 
1600 Divisadero Street, Suite H1031, San Francisco, CA 94115, United States. 
Electronic address: josephine.chen@kp.org.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of California San Francisco, 
1600 Divisadero Street, Suite H1031, San Francisco, CA 94115, United States.

This work presents a systematic approach for testing a dose calculation 
algorithm over a variety of conditions designed to span the possible range of 
clinical treatment plans. Using this method, a TrueBeam STx machine with high 
definition multi-leaf collimators (MLCs) was commissioned in the RayStation 
treatment planning system (TPS). The initial model parameters values were 
determined by comparing TPS calculations with standard measured depth dose and 
profile curves. The MLC leaf offset calibration was determined by comparing 
measured and calculated field edges utilizing a wide range of MLC retracted and 
over-travel positions. The radial fluence was adjusted using profiles through 
both the center and corners of the largest field size, and through measurements 
of small fields that were located at highly off-axis positions. The flattening 
filter source was adjusted to improve the TPS agreement for the output of 
MLC-defined fields with much larger jaw openings. The MLC leaf transmission and 
leaf end parameters were adjusted to optimize the TPS agreement for highly 
modulated intensity-modulated radiotherapy (IMRT) plans. The final model was 
validated for simple open fields, multiple field configurations, the TG 119 
C-shape target test, and a battery of clinical IMRT and volumetric-modulated arc 
therapy (VMAT) plans. The commissioning process detected potential dosimetric 
errors of over 10% and resulted in a final model that provided in general 3% 
dosimetric accuracy. This study demonstrates the importance of using a variety 
of conditions to adjust a beam model and provides an effective framework for 
achieving high dosimetric accuracy.

Copyright © 2019 Associazione Italiana di Fisica Medica. Published by Elsevier 
Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ejmp.2019.01.011
PMID: 30824149 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


939. RETRACTED ARTICLE

PLoS One. 2019 Mar 1;14(3):e0212021. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0212021. 
eCollection 2019.

A parallel randomized controlled trial examining the effects of rhythmic sensory 
stimulation on fibromyalgia symptoms.

Braun Janzen T(1), Paneduro D(2), Picard L(2), Gordon A(2), Bartel LR(3).

Author information:
(1)Music and Health Research Collaboratory, Faculty of Music, University of 
Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
(2)Wasser Pain Management Centre, Sinai Health System, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
(3)Faculty of Music, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

Retraction in
    PLoS One. 2020 Mar 6;15(3):e0230395. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0230395.

This double-blind, two-arm parallel randomized controlled trial investigated the 
effects of gamma-frequency rhythmic sensory stimulation on fibromyalgia. We were 
interested in whether rhythmic sensory stimulation would promote significant 
changes in fibromyalgia and associated symptoms, and whether treatment effects 
would differ between two distinct treatment parameters. Fifty patients with a 
formal diagnosis of fibromyalgia were randomly assigned to two test groups. One 
group received vibrotactile stimulation from a continuous sine wave 
single-frequency stimulation (40 Hz) for 30 minutes, five days per week, over 
five weeks, concomitant with usual care. The second group completed the same 
treatment protocol but received a different stimulation, consisting of random 
and intermittent complex wave gamma-range vibrotactile stimulation. Fibromyalgia 
symptoms, pain severity and interference, depression symptoms, quality of life 
and sleep quality were assessed at baseline and post-intervention. Results 
indicated that there were statistically significant changes from baseline to 
post-treatment in measures of fibromyalgia symptom severity, pain interference, 
depression, and sleep quality. However, treatment outcomes did not differ 
significantly between groups. These findings provide preliminary evidence that 
gamma-frequency rhythmic vibroacoustic stimulation may decrease fibromyalgia 
symptoms and ease associated comorbidities, opening new avenues for further 
investigation of the effects of rhythmic sensory stimulation on chronic pain 
conditions.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0212021
PMCID: PMC6396935
PMID: 30822311 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Authors T.B.J., D.P., L.P., and A.G. declare 
that no competing interests exist. L.B. declares a potential conflict of 
interest as he has served as a paid scientific consultant to Somerset Group and 
Sound Oasis, and receives limited royalties from the Somerset Group for the 
Sonic Aid series and from Sound Oasis on the sales of the Vibroacoustic Therapy 
System VTS-1000 device. To manage this potential conflict of interest, L.B. was 
not involved in patient recruitment, consenting, or data collection process, and 
had no direct role in the data analysis process. This does not alter our 
adherence to PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.


940. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Front Immunol. 2019 Feb 12;10:106. doi: 10.3389/fimmu.2019.00106. eCollection 
2019.

Podophyllotoxin and Rutin Modulate M1 (iNOS+) Macrophages and Mitigate Lethal 
Radiation (LR) Induced Inflammatory Responses in Mice.

Nadella V(1), Ranjan R(2), Senthilkumaran B(3), Qadri SSYH(4), Pothani S(5), 
Singh AK(2), Gupta ML(2), Prakash H(1).

Author information:
(1)Laboratory of Translational Medicine, School of Life Science, University of 
Hyderabad, Hyderabad, India.
(2)Institute of Nuclear Medicine and Allied Sciences, Defence Research and 
Development Organization, New Delhi, India.
(3)Department of Animal Biology, School of Life Sciences, University of 
Hyderabad, Hyderabad, India.
(4)National Institute of Nutrition, Indian Council of Medical Research 
Hyderabad, Hyderabad, India.
(5)National Animal Resource Facility for Bio-Medical Research, Indian Council of 
Medical Research Hyderabad, Hyderabad, India.

Retraction in
    Front Immunol. 2022 Mar 30;13:899504. doi: 10.3389/fimmu.2022.899504.

Accidental exposure to lethal doses of Gamma radiation leads to the systemic 
inflammatory syndrome which causes mortality. In view of this, management of 
hemopoietic syndrome by modulating pro-inflammatory response in clinically 
manageable time period seems to be the most appropriate strategy for 
encountering radiation induced damage and recovery. As both tissue and 
peripheral macrophages are critical for the management of radiation induced 
injuries, we have unraveled the immunomodulatory potential of radioprotective 
formulation (G-003M) on peripheral macrophages populations in this study. G-003M 
inhibited lethal radiation induced NO and Th1 effector cytokines in the exposed 
macrophages indicating its M1 dim polarizing capacity. In similar lines, 
conditioning of mice with G-003M before lethal irradiation (LR) inhibited LR 
induced titre of Th1 effector cytokines in both serums as well as in lung, small 
intestine, and spleen tissue confirming its immunomodulatory potential. G-003M 
potentially down modulated inflammatory response in LPS induced inflammatory 
model and enhanced M2 polarization of iNOS+ M1 effector macrophages providing a 
molecular hint on G-003M mechanism of action on macrophages. These observations 
revealed that G-003M potentially modulate pro-inflammatory programming of 
macrophages and mitigate radiation-induced inflammatory stress which is believed 
to contribute significantly to radioprotective attribute of G-003M. In this 
study, we demonstrate that Rutin and Podophyllotoxin drive M1dim/M2 polarization 
of LR primed macrophages apart from protecting DNA from radiation. These drugs 
have the capacity to programme innate immune cells like macrophages which may be 
involved in homeostasis during recovery.

DOI: 10.3389/fimmu.2019.00106
PMCID: PMC6379314
PMID: 30809222 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


941. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2019 Feb 11;12:1119-1128. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S195529. 
eCollection 2019.

Extracellular Hsp90α clinically correlates with tumor malignancy and promotes 
migration and invasion in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.

Wang X(1), An D(1), Wang X(2), Liu X(3), Li B(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital Affiliated to 
Shandong University, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong, People's Republic of 
China, baoshli1963@163.com.
(2)Department of Gastroenterology, Qingdao Hiser Medical Center, Qingdao, 
Shandong, People's Republic of China.
(3)University of Jinan, School of Medicine and Life Sciences, Shandong Academy 
of Medical Sciences, Jinan, Shandong, People's Republic of China.

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2020 Jul 29;13:7353. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S273159.

PURPOSE: Extracellular Hsp90α (eHsp90α) is known to be involved in tumor 
invasiveness and metastasis, and its prognostic value in many kinds of tumors 
has been identified. We aimed to evaluate the clinical and functional role of 
eHsp90α in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC).
PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 193 patients with newly diagnosed ESCC were 
retrospectively evaluated. The relationship between serum Hsp90α levels before 
treatment and ESCC malignancy of the patients was analyzed. To test the role of 
eHsp90α in migration and invasion of ESCC cell lines, transwell assay was 
performed. Western blotting was used to explore the possible mechanism in which 
eHsp90α promotes ESCC migration and invasion.
RESULTS: We found that the serum Hsp90α level before treatment is positively 
correlated with ESCC malignancy. Moreover, high serum Hsp90α level before 
treatment was significantly correlated with positive lymph node (LN) metastasis, 
which is the main prognostic factor for ESCC patients. Meanwhile, we 
demonstrated that eHsp90α promoted migration and invasion of ECA109 and ECA9706 
in vitro. Further investigations revealed that eHsp90α stabilized MMP-2 and 
promoted epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition evidenced by downregulation of 
E-cadherin and upregulation of N-cadherin. On the other hand, Hsp90α 
neutralizing antibody functionally blocked the secreted Hsp90α and reversed 
those effects.
CONCLUSION: Our findings prove the critical role of eHsp90α in promoting ESCC 
migration and invasion, indicating it can be not only a promising predictor for 
ESCC LN status, but also an effective target in ESCC therapeutics, especially in 
preventing LN metastasis.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S195529
PMCID: PMC6376885
PMID: 30809093

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure The authors report no conflicts of 
interest in this work.


942. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Exp Clin Cancer Res. 2019 Feb 21;38(1):97. doi: 10.1186/s13046-019-1023-4.

MicroRNA-506 inhibits tumor growth and metastasis in nasopharyngeal carcinoma 
through the inactivation of the Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway by 
down-regulating LHX2.

Liang TS(#)(1), Zheng YJ(#)(1), Wang J(1), Zhao JY(1), Yang DK(2), Liu ZS(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengdong Branch, Zhengzhou, 475000, Henan Province, People's 
Republic of China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengdong Branch, Zhengzhou, 475000, Henan Province, People's 
Republic of China. yangdaokedr@163.com.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengdong Branch, Zhengzhou, 475000, Henan Province, People's 
Republic of China. liu_zhangsuo@yeah.net.
(#)Contributed equally

Retraction in
    J Exp Clin Cancer Res. 2021 Sep 30;40(1):309. doi: 
10.1186/s13046-021-02113-3.

BACKGROUND: Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT)-associated proteins play key 
roles in cancer progression and metastasis with the involvement of microRNAs 
(miRNAs). This study aims to assess the role of miR-506 working in tandem with 
LIM Homeobox 2 (LHX2) in EMT and metastasis through the Wnt/β-catenin signaling 
pathway in nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC).
METHODS: Differentially expressed genes associated with NPC were screened using 
microarray analyses, from which LHX2 was identified. Next, the potential 
relationship between miR-506 and LHX2 was analyzed. In order to explore the 
effect of miR-506 or LHX2 on NPC cell proliferation, migration, invasion and 
apoptosis, serials of mimics, inhibitors or siRNA against LHX2 were transfected 
into NPC cells. Then, the expression patterns of LHX2, Wnt1, β-catenin, 
E-cadherin, Vimentin, TCF4 and Twist were determined to assess the influence of 
miR-506 or LHX2 on EMT as well as the relationship between the Wnt/β-catenin 
signaling pathway and TCF4. The tumorigenicity and lymph node metastasis (LNM) 
in xenograft tumors of nude mice were observed.
RESULTS: The has-miR-506-3p was identified as the down-regulated gene in NPC 
based on the microarray data while LHX2 was negatively regulated by miR-506. 
Over-expression of miR-506 or silencing of LHK2 inhibited NPC cell 
proliferation, migration, invasion, tumorigenicity and LNM but promoted 
apoptosis indicated by decreased Wnt1, β-catenin, Vimentin, TCF4 and Twist 
expressions along with increased E-cadherin expressions.
CONCLUSIONS: miR-506 inhibits tumor growth and metastasis in NPC via inhibition 
of Wnt/β-catenin signaling by down-regulating LHX2, accompanied by decreased 
TCF4. Taken together, miR-506 targeted-inhibition LHX2 presents a promising 
therapeutic strategy for the treatment of NPC.
TRIAL REGISTRATION: ChiCTR1800018889 . Registered 15 October 2018.

DOI: 10.1186/s13046-019-1023-4
PMCID: PMC6385449
PMID: 30791932 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: ETHICS APPROVAL AND CONSENT TO PARTICIPATE: This 
study was approved by the Ethic Committee of the First Affiliated Hospital of 
Zhengzhou University. Written informed consents were obtained from all patients. 
CONSENT FOR PUBLICATION: Consent for publication was obtained from the 
participants. COMPETING INTERESTS: The authors declare no conflicts of interest. 
PUBLISHER’S NOTE: Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional 
claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.


943. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2019 Jan 29;12:933-944. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S186559. eCollection 
2019.

Effects of combined inhibition of STAT3 and VEGFR2 pathways on the 
radiosensitivity of non-small-cell lung cancer cells.

Hu C(1), Zhuang W(2), Qiao Y(2), Liu B(2), Liu L(2), Hui K(1), Jiang X(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Tumor Laboratory, Department of Oncology, The Affiliated Lianyungang Hospital 
of Xuzhou Medical University, Lianyungang City 222002, China, 
jxdysy1970@163.com, kyhui1987@163.com.
(2)Department of Oncology, The Affiliated Lianyungang Hospital of Xuzhou Medical 
University, Lianyungang City 222002, China, jxdysy1970@163.com.

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2022 Sep 23;15:1045-1046. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S390684.

PURPOSE: The goals of this study were to determine the effects of combined 
inhibition of STAT3 and vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2) 
pathways on the radiosensitivity of non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cells, 
and to assess the underlying mechanisms.
METHODS: The expressions of VEGFR2, STAT3, related signaling molecules, 
hypoxia-inducible factor 1-alpha (HIF-1α), and cyclin D1 were determined by 
Western blotting. Radiosensitivity was assessed using the colony-forming assay, 
and cell cycle and cell death were analyzed by flow cytometry. A nude mouse 
xenograft tumor model of Calu-1 cells was established. The hepatorenal toxicity 
of the above-mentioned treatment on tumor-bearing mice was observed by H&E 
staining. The expression of STAT3, VEGFR2, HIF-1α, and cyclin D1 of the 
transplanted tumor tissues was detected by immunohistochemistry. Apoptosis of 
tumor tissues was evaluated by TUNEL staining.
RESULTS: In vitro, we selected two cell lines with high expression levels of 
STAT3, including Calu-1 cells that exhibit high VEGFR2 expression and A549 cells 
that exhibit low VEGFR2 expression. When apatinib treatment was combined with 
S3I-201, the expression of VEGFR2, STAT3, and their downstream signaling 
molecules was significantly decreased (P<0.01). There was an increase in cell 
death and G2/M phase arrest after treatments, with the most significant changes 
occurring upon dual inhibition of STAT3 and VEGFR2 (P<0.01). In vivo, combined 
treatment of radiotherapy and dual inhibition of VEGFR2 and STAT3 was well 
tolerated and did not deliver additional toxicity. Compared with the control 
group and the radiation treatment (RT) + apatinib or RT + S3I-201 duplex group, 
the expression level of STAT3, p-STAT3, VEGFR2, HIF-1α, and cyclin D1 in the 
triple group (RT + apatinib + S3I-201) was the lowest, and the proportion of 
apoptotic cells was the highest (P<0.05).
CONCLUSION: The combined inhibition of VEGFR2 and STAT3 is effective in 
enhancing radiosensitizing effects in NSCLC cells.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S186559
PMCID: PMC6357889
PMID: 30774379

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure The authors report no conflicts of 
interest in this work.


944. Klin Onkol. 2019 Winter;32(1):58-65.

Effect of Tumor Size and p16 Status on Treatment Outcomes - Achievement of 
Complete Remission in Prospectively Followed Patients with Oropharyngeal Tumors.

[Article in English]

Slavik M, Kazda T, Selingerová I, Šána J, Ahmad P, Gurín D, Hermanová M, Novotný 
T, Červená R, Dymáčková R, Burkoň P, Slabý O, Šlampa P.

BACKGROUND: Oropharyngeal squamous cell tumors associated with human 
papillomavirus infection (p16 positive tumors) have better prognosis than 
p16 negative tumors regardless of the more advanced stage of the disease. Tumor 
volume (GTVt+n) is generally an important factor affecting treatment results of 
ionizing radiation. The aim of this prospective non-randomized study is to 
evaluate the effect of tumor volume on the (chemo)radiation treatment results in 
a group of patients with p16 negative and p16 positive oropharyngeal tumors.
PATIENTS AND METHODS: Patients with confirmed squamous cell tumor of the 
oropharynx of stages III and IV, according to the 7th version of the TNM 
(tumor-nodes-metastases) classification, were eligible for this study. The main 
exclusion criteria were palliative treatment, neoadjuvant chemotherapy or 
planned concomitant therapy with cetuximab. Patients were treated according to 
standardized protocols with curative intent. Primary tumor volume (GTVt) and 
involved nodes volume (GTVn) were obtained from radiotherapy planning system for 
further statistical analysis. The differences in tumor volumes between the 
groups according to p16 expression were assessed with subsequent testing of 
probability to achieve complete remission (CR) of the disease in both groups.
RESULTS: In total, 49 patients - 84% men, median age 60.5 years, 25 (51%) 
patients p16 positive, 40 (82%) underwent concomitant chemoradiotherapy. Median 
of GTVt in the whole patients group is 40.2 ccm, GTVn 11.78 ccm and median 
volume of the whole tumor burden (GTVt+n) 70.21 ccm (range 11.05-249). Median of 
GTVn was greater in the p16 positive cohort (p = 0.041). In the entire group, 
the median time to reach CR was 91 days (95% CI 86-107 days) from the end of 
radiotherapy. In the group of p16 negative patients, 14 achieved CR (61%) out of 
23 patients, in p16 positive group 20 (80%) out of 25 patients (p = 0.111). 
P16 negative patients had a longer time to CR (p = 0.196, HR 1.58, 95% CI 
0.79-3.18). None of the independently assessed volumetric parameters of the 
tumor (GTVt, GTVn, GTVt+n) affected CR in the p16 positive patients group, while 
there was a significant impact of the whole tumor burden (GTVt+n) in the 
p16 negative cohort (median 58.1 ccm in CR patients vs. 101.9 ccm, p = 0.018).
CONCLUSION: We have showed less GTVt+n dependence to achieve CR in p16 positive 
tumors in comparison with p16 negative tumors. Thus, p16 positive oropharyngeal 
squamous cell cancers should not be withdrawn from the curative treatment intent 
based on the greater GTVt+n. Key words oropharyngeal neoplasms - p16 status - 
treatment outcome - tumor burden - complete remission This work was supported by 
grant of the Ministry of Health of the Czech Republic AZV 15-31627A and by grant 
of the Ministry of Health of the Czech Republic - Conceptual development of 
a research organization (MMCI 00209805). The authors declare they have no 
potential conflicts of interest concerning drugs, products, or services used in 
the study. The Editorial Board declares that the manuscript met the ICMJE 
recommendation for biomedical papers. Submitted: 2. 11. 2018 Accepted: 11. 11. 
2018.

PMID: 30764631 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


945. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Liposome Res. 2020 Mar;30(1):21-36. doi: 10.1080/08982104.2019.1579839. Epub 
2019 Mar 7.

Biotin anchored nanostructured lipid carriers for targeted delivery of 
doxorubicin in management of mammary gland carcinoma through regulation of 
apoptotic modulator.

Tripathi CB(1), Parashar P(1), Arya M(1), Singh M(1), Kanoujia J(1), Kaithwas 
G(1), Saraf SA(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences, School of Biosciences & Biotechnology, 
Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University (A Central University), Lucknow, India.

Retraction in
    J Liposome Res. 2024 Jun;34(2):385. doi: 10.1080/08982104.2024.2348220.

Mammary gland tumour has the highest incidence rate and mortality in women, 
worldwide. The present study envisaged a molecularly targeted nanostructured 
lipid carrier (NLCs) for doxorubicin (Dox) delivery capable of inducing cellular 
apoptosis in mammary gland tumour. NLCs were prepared utilizing Perilla 
frutescens oil (54-69% ω3-fatty acid) as liquid lipid to enhance entrapment of 
Dox through molecular ion pairing. Biotin decorated NLCs (b-Dox-NLCs) were 
evaluated in vitro and in vivo. The b-Dox-NLCs showed particle size of 
105.2 ± 3.5 nm, zeta potential -35 ± 2 mV, entrapment 99.15 ± 1.71%, drug 
content 19.67 ± 2.6 mg.g-1, biotin content 5.85 ± 0.64 µg.g-1 and drug release 
98.67 ± 2.43% (facilitated by acidic microenvironment) respectively. MTT assay 
and Flow cytometric analysis revealed higher anti-proliferative capability of 
b-Dox-NLCs to force apoptosis in MCF-7 cell line vis-à-vis marketed Dox, 
evidenced by reactive oxygen species level and mitochondrial membrane potential 
mediated apoptosis. Enhanced antitumor targeting, therapeutic safety and 
efficacy was exhibited by b-Dox-NLCs, as investigated through tumour volume, 
animal survival, weight variation, cardiotoxicity and biodistribution studies in 
7,12-Dimethylbenz[a]anthracene induced mammary gland tumour. Immunoblotting 
assay demonstrated b-Dox-NLCs downregulated anti-apoptotic proteins, i.e. bcl-2, 
MMP-9 while upregulated pro-apoptotic proteins, i.e. caspase-9, p16 and BAX. The 
experimental results suggest that biotinylated ω3-fatty acid augmented NLCs 
loaded with Dox are capable of inducing programmed cell death in mammary tumour 
and can be utilized as safe and effective delivery system with enhanced 
potential for mammary gland carcinoma therapy.

DOI: 10.1080/08982104.2019.1579839
PMID: 30741049 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


946. Phys Med. 2019 Jan;57:145-152. doi: 10.1016/j.ejmp.2018.12.014. Epub 2019 Jan 9.

A pre-absorber optimization technique for pencil beam scanning proton therapy 
treatments.

Fracchiolla F(1), Fellin F(2), Innocenzi M(3), Lipparini M(2), Lorentini S(2), 
Widesott L(2), Farace P(2), Schwarz M(4).

Author information:
(1)Azienda Provinciale per i Servizi Sanitari (APSS) Protontherapy Department, 
Trento, Italy. Electronic address: francesco.fracchiolla@apss.tn.it.
(2)Azienda Provinciale per i Servizi Sanitari (APSS) Protontherapy Department, 
Trento, Italy.
(3)Università degli studi di Roma 'La Sapienza', Roma, Italy.
(4)Azienda Provinciale per i Servizi Sanitari (APSS) Protontherapy Department, 
Trento, Italy; INFN-TIFPA, Trento, Italy.

PURPOSE: To implement a new proton therapy planning method for the treatment of 
shallow lesions with PBS and to compare it to the standard method.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: In order to treat shallow lesions, a pre-absorber, 
usually called range-shifter (RS), is needed: it is used to degrade the beam 
energy and treat tumors shallower than the minimum range available. Its use is 
associated to dose calculation uncertainties and plan quality degradation which 
should be minimized. We studied five tumor localizations requiring RS and 
created three plans for each case: a) standard method with the RS close to the 
patient surface, b) with the RS used only for the shallow part of the tumor 
(when strictly needed) and completely retracted and c) as the b) approach but 
with the RS close to the patient. We called these two approaches 'Range Shifter 
Optimization' (RSO) techniques. We compared those plans in terms of dose 
distribution quality, delivery time and patient-specific-QA results.
RESULTS: In most cases a good dose reduction to OARs with no significant loss in 
terms of target coverage was obtained when the RSO techniques were used. 
Patient-specific-QA gave very good results in terms of γ-Passing-Rate (PR) (3%, 
3 mm) for both RSO techniques (mean 98.09%), while the standard had some very 
low PR (minimum 81.09%). The delivery time increased (5.0 min on average per 
treatment) but was still acceptable in terms of patient compliance.
CONCLUSION: We developed a new planning technique for shallow lesions and we 
demonstrated its superiority in terms of both plan quality and 
patient-specific-QA results with respect to the standard method. This technique 
is routinely used to treat patients in our center.

Copyright © 2018. Published by Elsevier Ltd.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ejmp.2018.12.014
PMID: 30738518 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


947. Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg. 2019 Jun;160(6):1071-1080. doi: 
10.1177/0194599819826959. Epub 2019 Feb 5.

Health Care Utilization and Prescribing Patterns for Adult Eustachian Tube 
Dysfunction.

McCoul ED(1), Weinreich HM(2), Mulder H(3), Man LX(4), Schulz K(5), Shin JJ(6).

Author information:
(1)1 Department of Otorhinolaryngology, Ochsner Clinic Foundation, New Orleans, 
Louisiana, USA.
(2)2 Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, University of Chicago, 
Chicago, Illinois, USA.
(3)3 Duke Clinical Research Institute, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, 
North Carolina, USA.
(4)4 Department of Otolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery, University of Rochester 
Medical Center, Rochester, New York, USA.
(5)5 Department of Surgery, Duke University Health System, Durham, North 
Carolina, USA.
(6)6 Department of Otolaryngology, Harvard Medical School, Boston, 
Massachusetts, USA.

OBJECTIVE: Eustachian tube dysfunction (ETD) prompts >2 million adult visits in 
the United States annually. While disease prevalence and health care utilization 
are established for children, practice patterns for adults remain unknown. Our 
objective was to determine national resource utilization for adult ETD.
STUDY DESIGN: Cross-sectional study.
SETTING: National database sample.
SUBJECTS AND METHODS: The Truven Health MarketScan Databases (2010-2014) 
analytic cohort included health care encounters of patients ≥18 years of age 
with a diagnosis of ETD, otitis media with effusion, or tympanic membrane 
retraction. Visits associated with recent diagnoses of acute upper respiratory 
infection, head and neck cancer, or radiation therapy were excluded. Acute ETD 
(<3 months) and chronic ETD (≥3 months) were subgroups. Medication usage was 
quantified by class.
RESULTS: ETD was diagnosed for 1,298,987 patients, 11% of which was chronic. 
Over 92% of patients were seen in outpatient clinics, most often by 
otolaryngology (57%) for chronic ETD and by general medicine (49%) for acute 
ETD. Medications were frequently utilized, as 530,146 (53.7%) patients received 
≥1 prescription. Top prescriptions for chronic ETD included intranasal 
corticosteroids (22%), antibiotics (22%), oral corticosteroids (13%), and 
analgesics (6%). The overall annual cost of prescribed medications associated 
with visits in which either acute or chronic ETD was diagnosed exceeded $8.5 
million for a mean of $80.78 per patient who filled a prescription.
CONCLUSION: Adult ETD is frequently treated with several medication classes by a 
variety of provider types. Understanding the potential adverse effects and cost 
associated with these practices should be a priority.

DOI: 10.1177/0194599819826959
PMID: 30721112 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


948. Ann Ig. 2019 Mar-Apr;31(2):109-116. doi: 10.7416/ai.2019.2263.

Efficacy of acoustic waves in preventing Streptococcus mutans adhesion on dental 
unit water line.

Pantanella F(1), Schippa S(1), Solimini A(1), Rosa L(1), Bettucci A(2), Berlutti 
F(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Public Health and Infectious Disease, Sapienza University of 
Rome, Italy.
(2)Department of Basic and Applied Sciences for Engineering, Sapienza University 
of Rome, Italy.

BACKGROUND: The quality and health safety of water used for refrigeration and 
flushing of the handpieces, water-syringes and other components of dental units 
is of considerable importance. Water crosses these devices by a system of 
intersected small plastic tubes (about 2 mm of diameter), named dental unit 
water lines (DUWLs). DUWLs may be heavily colonized by many bacterial species in 
a planktonic phase, adherent or in biofilm lifestyle, resulting in a potential 
risk of infection, not only for all professionals who routinely use these 
devices, but also for occasional-patients, especially immunocompromised 
patients. Contamination of DUWLs can be prevented or reduced with the use of 
disinfectants, but the eradication of microorganisms, especially which those are 
adherent or living in biofilm lifestyle on the inner surfaces of DUWLs is 
challenging and often, the normal methods of water disinfection are not 
effective. Moreover, disinfectants routinely used to disinfect DUWLs may alter 
the bond strength of the dentine bonding agent used for restorative practice in 
dentistry.
STUDY DESIGN: To identify an innovative and alternative strategy, able to 
prevent bacterial adhesion to DUWL surfaces through a physical approach, which 
is more effective in overcoming the problem of DUWL contamination and the risk 
of infection compared to the standard methods already in use. In this pilot 
study we tested a member of the oral streptococci family, that is not a 
component of the biofilm detected on the walls of DUWL, but is frequently 
detected in water samples from DUWL, due to human fluid retraction during dental 
therapy. Namely, the pathogenic bacterial species Streptococcus mutans.
METHODS: We employ elastic acoustic waves at high-energy in preventing S. mutans 
adhesion to the inner walls of an experimental water circuit reproducing a 
DUWLs. To stress the capability of acoustic waves to interfere with bacterial 
adhesion also in extreme conditions, a high S. mutans contamination load was 
adopted.
RESULTS: We observe a significant decrease of adherent bacteria exposed to 
acoustic waves treatment respect to control.
CONCLUSION: This study demonstrates the effectiveness of acoustic waves in 
counteracting the adhesion of S. mutans to the inner walls of an experimental 
water circuit reproducing a DUWL, opening up new prospects for future practical 
applications. The interesting results, so far obtained, require an in-depth 
analysis of the methods regarding both the various bacterial species involved 
and the infective charges to be used.

DOI: 10.7416/ai.2019.2263
PMID: 30714608 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


949. RETRACTED ARTICLE

PLoS Genet. 2019 Feb 1;15(2):e1007888. doi: 10.1371/journal.pgen.1007888. 
eCollection 2019 Feb.

Molecular predictors of brain metastasis-related microRNAs in lung 
adenocarcinoma.

Sun G(1)(2)(3), Ding X(1)(4), Bi N(1), Wang Z(3), Wu L(1), Zhou W(2), Zhao Z(2), 
Wang J(1), Zhang W(2), Fan J(2), Zhang W(1), Dong X(1), Lv N(5), Song Y(2), Zhan 
Q(2)(6), Wang L(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, National Cancer Center/Cancer Hospital, 
Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing, 
China.
(2)State Key Laboratory of Molecular Oncology, National Cancer Center/Cancer 
Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, 
Beijing, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, North China University of Science and 
Technology Affiliated People's Hospital, Hebei, China.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Provincial Hospital, Shandong, 
China.
(5)Department of Pathology, National Cancer Center/Cancer Hospital, Chinese 
Academy of Medical Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing, China.
(6)Laboratory of Molecular Oncology, Peking University Cancer Hospital and 
Institute, Beijing, China.

Erratum in
    PLoS Genet. 2020 Oct 14;16(10):e1009139. doi: 10.1371/journal.pgen.1009139.

Retraction in
    PLoS Genet. 2022 Dec 16;18(12):e1010552. doi: 10.1371/journal.pgen.1010552.

Brain metastasis (BM) is a major complication of lung adenocarcinoma (LAD). An 
investigation of the pathogenic mechanisms of BM, as well as the identification 
of appropriate molecular markers, is necessary. The aim of this study was to 
determine the expression patterns of microRNAs (miRNAs) in LAD with BM, and to 
investigate the biological role of these miRNAs during tumorigenesis. miRNA 
array profiles were used to identify BM-associated miRNAs. These miRNAs were 
independently validated in 155 LAD patients. Several in vivo and in vitro assays 
were performed to verify the effects of miRNAs on BM. We identified six miRNAs 
differentially expressed in patients with BM as compared to patients with BM. Of 
these, miR-4270 and miR-423-3p were further investigated. miR-4270 and 
miR-423-3p directly targeted MMP19 and P21, respectively, to influence cell 
viability, migration, and colony formation in vitro. miR-4270 downregulation and 
miR-423-3p upregulation was associated with an increased risk of BM in LAD 
patients. Thus, our results suggested that miR-4270 and miR-423-3p might play an 
important role in BM pathogenesis in LAD patients, and that these miRNAs might 
be useful prognostic and clinical treatment targets.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pgen.1007888
PMCID: PMC6374053
PMID: 30707694 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


950. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Toxicol Environ Health A. 2019;82(1):46-51. doi: 
10.1080/15287394.2018.1553372. Epub 2019 Jan 31.

Role of NF-κB activation in mouse bone marrow stromal cells exposed to 900-MHz 
radiofrequency fields (RF).

Zong L(1), Gao Z(1), Xie W(1), Tong J(1), Cao Y(1).

Author information:
(1)a School of Public Health , Medical College of Soochow University , Suzhou , 
Jiangsu Province , People's Republic of China.

Retraction in
    J Toxicol Environ Health A. 2019;82(3):i. doi: 
10.1080/15287394.2019.1603540.

Nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells (NF-κB) is a 
primary transcription factor which plays a key role in several cellular 
processes including proliferation and survival. It is well known that exposure 
to non-ionizing radiofrequency fields (RFs), which are ubiquitous, resulted 
in interaction with cellular components. The aim of the study was thus to 
examine whether exposure of mouse bone marrow stromal cells (BMSC) to RF also 
resulted in cellular interactions. BMSC were exposed to 900 MHz RF at 120 μW/cm2 
power intensity for 4 hr/day for 5 consecutive days. The relative protein 
expression levels of NF-κB in the cytoplasm and nucleus of RF-exposed cells were 
compared to non-RF-exposed controls. At 30-min post-RF exposure, a significant 
decrease in protein expression of NF-κB in the cytoplasm was accompanied by a 
concomitant increase in nuclear NF-κB protein expression levels. Similar 
responses were noted in the cytoplasm and nuclear NF-κB levels at 2 hr with a 
return to control concentrations in primary transcription factor at 24-hr 
post-RF treatment. Daily incubation of BAY 11-7082, an inhibitor of NF-κB, for 
90 min for 5 days followed by RF each day prevented the fall in cytoplasmic 
NF-κB and rise in nuclear primary transcription factor at 30 min and 2 hr. There 
were no marked alterations at 24 hr. Data showed that the effects of RF 
treatment on BMSC involved transient activation of NF-κB which may be attributed 
to RF-mediated cellular perturbation as evidenced by consequences of BAY 11-7082 
inhibition.

DOI: 10.1080/15287394.2018.1553372
PMID: 30704354 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


951. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Comput Assist Surg (Abingdon). 2019 Oct;24(sup1):44-52. doi: 
10.1080/24699322.2018.1557907. Epub 2019 Jan 28.

A targeting method for robot-assisted percutaneous needle placement under 
fluoroscopy guidance.

Han Z(1), Yu K(2), Hu L(1), Li W(3), Yang H(4), Gan M(4), Guo N(1), Yang B(1), 
Liu H(1), Wang Y(1).

Author information:
(1)School of Mechanical Engineering and Automation, Beihang University , Beijing 
, China.
(2)Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, Peking Union Medical College Hospital, 
Peking Union Medical College and Chinese Academy of Medical Science , Beijing , 
China.
(3)Orthopaedic Department, Peking University Third Hospital , Beijing , China.
(4)Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of Soochow 
University , Jiangsu , Suzhou , China.

Retraction in
    Comput Assist Surg (Abingdon). 2019 Oct;24(sup1):184-185. doi: 
10.1080/24699322.2019.1646921.

Minimally invasive procedures are rapidly growing in popularity thanks to 
advancements in medical robots, visual navigation and space registration 
techniques. This paper presents a precise and efficient targeting method for 
robot-assisted percutaneous needle placement under C-arm fluoroscopy. In this 
method, a special end-effector was constructed to perform fluoroscopy 
calibration and robot to image-space registration simultaneously. In addition, 
formulations were given to compute the movement of robot targeting and evaluate 
targeting accuracy using only one X-ray image. With these techniques, radiation 
exposure and operation time were reduced significantly compared to other 
commonly used methods. A pre-clinical experiment showed that the maximum angle 
error was 0.94° and the maximum position error of a target located 80mm below 
the end-effector was 1.31mm. And evaluation of the system in a robot-assisted 
pedicle screws placement surgery has justified the accuracy and reliability of 
proposed method in clinical applications.

DOI: 10.1080/24699322.2018.1557907
PMID: 30689445 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


952. Case Rep Cardiol. 2018 Dec 20;2018:6086034. doi: 10.1155/2018/6086034. 
eCollection 2018.

Rotate-on-Retract Procedural Automation for Robotic-Assisted Percutaneous 
Coronary Intervention: First Clinical Experience.

Al Nooryani A(1), Aboushokka W(1).

Author information:
(1)Al Qassimi Hospital, Sharjah, Dubai, UAE.

The advent of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) has dramatically changed 
the outlook for patients with cardiovascular disease. However, room for 
improvement and advancement remains in the safety, speed, and efficiency of 
manually guided PCI. In recent years, the CorPath robotic platform (Corindus 
Inc., Waltham, MA) has been approved to aid the interventionalist during PCI and 
other endovascular interventions. Favorable results in several clinical studies 
suggest that robotic-assisted PCI may further improve patient outcomes while 
also benefiting the interventionalist through reduced orthopedic strain and less 
exposure to ionizing radiation. In this report, we communicate our experience 
with the first-in-human use of a new, optional automation feature that has been 
added to the platform's guidance software. This "Rotate-on-Retract" feature is 
designed to facilitate faster and more precise maneuvering of the guidewire 
through tortuous vessels by automatically rotating the guidewire whenever it is 
retracted by the operator. This movement changes the tip's orientation in 
preparation for the next advancement. We evaluated this feature in a patient 
undergoing PCI to treat a severe (90% stenotic), long, diffuse, and calcified 
lesion of the proximal to mid LAD segments.

DOI: 10.1155/2018/6086034
PMCID: PMC6317112
PMID: 30671266


953. Mol Clin Oncol. 2019 Jan;10(1):97-100. doi: 10.3892/mco.2018.1760. Epub 2018 Nov 
8.

True hermaphroditism with seminoma: A case report.

Lai Y(1)(2), Xie J(3)(4), Tian P(5), Zhong L(3), Ni L(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Urology, Peking University Shenzhen Hospital, Institute of 
Urology, Shenzhen PKU-HKUST Medical Center, Shenzhen, Guangdong 518036, P.R. 
China.
(2)Graduate Institute, Guangzhou Medical University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 
511436, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Hepatobiliary Surgery, Peking University Shenzhen Hospital, 
Shenzhen, Guangdong 518036, P.R. China.
(4)Graduate Institute, Shantou University Medical College, Shantou, Guangdong 
515041, P.R. China.
(5)Department of Hepatobiliary Surgery, Shenzhen University General Hospital, 
Shenzhen, Guangdong 518036, P.R. China.

The aim of the present study was to discuss the diagnosis and treatment of a 
patient with true hermaphroditism complicated by seminoma. The patient was a 
35-year-old man who was admitted to the Peking University Shenzhen Hospital with 
a retractable mass in the left inguinal region for 20 years. A computed 
tomography examination revealed right cryptorchidism. The postoperative 
pathology suggested true hermaphroditism with a seminoma. The results of 
immunohistochemical examination were as follows: Sal-like protein 4+ (partially 
weak); octamer-binding transcription factor 4+ (partially weak); CD117+; 
cytokeratin+; CD30-, α-fetoprotein-, inhibin-α-. The karyotype was 46, XY. Adult 
true hermaphroditism combined with seminoma is rare in clinical practice. 
Combined histopathological analysis, immunophenotype detection and karyotype 
analysis are of great value in the diagnosis and differential diagnosis. Early 
intervention and combined surgery with radiotherapy and chemotherapy can 
significantly improve the prognosis of such patients.

DOI: 10.3892/mco.2018.1760
PMCID: PMC6313949
PMID: 30655982


954. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Manag Res. 2018 Dec 28;11:389-399. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S180418. eCollection 
2019.

OCT4 accelerates tumorigenesis through activating JAK/STAT signaling in ovarian 
cancer side population cells.

Ruan Z(1), Yang X(1), Cheng W(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, International Peace Maternity and 
Child Health Hospital, School of Medicine, Shanghai Jiaotong University, 
Shanghai, China, wwcheng29@shsmu.edu.cn.

Retraction in
    Cancer Manag Res. 2024 Apr 06;16:281-282. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S472069.

BACKGROUND: Although surgery, chemotherapy, and radiotherapy eliminate 
clinically apparent ovarian tumor, the 5-year survival rate is no more than 45%. 
Cancer stem cells (CSCs) have been identified for precaution of tumor metastasis 
and recurrence in many kinds of cancers including ovarian cancer.
AIM: This study aims to explore the function of OCT4, a CSC marker, in ovarian 
cancer progression and to investigate its underlying mechanism.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: By Hoechst side population (SP) technique, CSC-like SP 
cells from human ovarian cancer SKOV3 and A2780 cells were isolated and used for 
this study. shRNA and lentivirus targeting human OCT4 gene were used to knock 
down OCT4 in SP cells and upregulate OCT4 in non-SP (NSP) cells stably. 
Peficitinib was used to inhibit JAK/STAT signaling. Cell counting kit-8, flow 
cytometry, and in vivo xenograft model were used to evaluate the effects of 
OCT4/JAK/STAT on the viability, drug resistance, apoptosis, cycle, and 
tumorigenesis of the SP cells. Immunofluorescence staining was used to detect 
the location of STAT6.
RESULTS: Results showed that OCT4 was upregulated in the SP of SKOV3 and A2780 
cells when compared with the NSP cells. Downregulation of OCT4 inhibited SP cell 
viability, tumorigenesis, and reduced cell drug resistance and induced a G2/M 
phase arrest, while upregulation of OCT4 conferred NSP cell malignant features. 
Besides, OCT4 upregulation in NSP cells increased the phosphorylated levels of 
proteins in JAK and STAT families, especially in JAK1 and STAT6. Furthermore, 
the roles of apoptosis inhibition and viability, invasion, and tumorigenesis 
promotions induced by OCT4 in NSP cells were all abolished when adding 
peficitinib.
CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrated that OCT4 accelerated ovarian cancer 
progression through activating JAK/STAT signaling pathway.

DOI: 10.2147/CMAR.S180418
PMCID: PMC6314052
PMID: 30643464

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure The authors report no conflicts of 
interest in this work.


955. Eur J Radiol. 2019 Jan;110:148-155. doi: 10.1016/j.ejrad.2018.11.032. Epub 2018 
Nov 28.

Genomics of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC): Association between CT-based 
imaging features and EGFR and K-RAS mutations in 122 patients-An external 
validation.

Rizzo S(1), Raimondi S(2), de Jong EEC(3), van Elmpt W(4), De Piano F(5), 
Petrella F(6), Bagnardi V(7), Jochems A(8), Bellomi M(9), Dingemans AM(8), 
Lambin P(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, IEO, European Institute of Oncology IRCCS, Milan, 
Italy. Electronic address: stefania.rizzo@ieo.it.
(2)Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, IEO, European Institute of 
Oncology IRCCS, Milan, Italy.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology (The D-lab), GROW-School for Oncology and 
Developmental Biology, Maastricht University Medical Centre, Maastricht, the 
Netherlands.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology (MAASTRO Clinic), GROW-School for Oncology 
and Developmental Biology, Maastricht University Medical Centre, Maastricht, the 
Netherlands.
(5)Department of Health Sciences, University of Milan, via A. di Rudinì 8, 20142 
Milan, Italy.
(6)Department of Thoracic Surgery, IEO, European Institute of Oncology IRCCS, 
Milan, Italy; Department of Oncology and Hemato-Oncology, University of Milan, 
Milan, Italy.
(7)Department of Statistics and Quantitative Methods, University of 
Milano-Bicocca, Milan, Italy.
(8)Department of Pneumonology, GROW-School for Oncology, Maastricht University 
Medical Centre, Maastricht, the Netherlands.
(9)Department of Radiology, IEO, European Institute of Oncology IRCCS, Milan, 
Italy; Department of Oncology and Hemato-Oncology, University of Milan, Milan, 
Italy.

OBJECTIVE: To validate previously identified associations between radiological 
features and clinical features with Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR)/ 
Kirsten RAt Sarcoma (KRAS) alterations in an independent group of patients with 
Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC).
MATERIAL AND METHODS: A total of 122 patients with NSCLC tested for EGFR/KRAS 
alterations were included. Clinical and radiological features were recorded. 
Univariate analysis were performed to look at the associations of the studied 
features with EGFR/KRAS alterations. Previously calculated composite model 
parameters for each gene alteration prediction were applied to this validation 
cohort. ROC (Receiver Operating Characteristic) curves were drawn using the 
previously validated composite models, and also for each significant individual 
characteristic of the previous training cohort model. The Area Under the ROC 
Curve (AUC) with 95% Confidence Intervals (CI) was calculated and compared 
between the full models.
RESULTS: At univariate analysis, EGFR+ confirmed an association with an internal 
air bronchogram, pleural retraction, emphysema and lack of smoking; KRAS+ with 
round shape, emphysema and smoking. The AUC (95%CI) in the new cohort was 
confirmed to be high for EGFR+ prediction, with a value of: 0.82 (0.69-0.95) vs. 
0.82 in the previous cohort, whereas it was smaller for KRAS+ prediction, with a 
value of 0.60 (0.48-0.72) vs. 0.67 in the previous cohort. Looking at single 
features in the new cohort, we found that the AUC for the models including only 
smoking was similar to that of the full model (including radiological and 
clinical features) for both gene alterations.
CONCLUSIONS: Although this study validated the significant association of 
clinical and radiological features with EGFR/KRAS alterations, models based on 
these composite features are not superior to smoking history alone to predict 
the mutations.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ejrad.2018.11.032
PMID: 30599853 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


956. J Appl Clin Med Phys. 2019 Jan;20(1):194-199. doi: 10.1002/acm2.12517. Epub 2018 
Dec 26.

A novel and innovative device to retract rectum during radiation therapy of 
pelvic tumors.

Parsai EI(1), Jahadakbar A(2), Lavvafi H(1), Elahinia M(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Toledo Medical Center, 
Toledo, OH, USA.
(2)Department of Mechanical, Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering, 
University of Toledo, Toledo, OH, USA.

An effective radiotherapy treatment entails maximizing radiation dose to the 
tumor while sparing the surrounding and normal tissues. With the advent of SBRT 
with extreme hypo-fractionation in treating tumors including prostate where 
ablative dose is delivered in smaller number of fractions, rectum remains a 
dose-limiting organ and at the risk of rectal toxicity or secondary cancer. The 
same limitation of rectal toxicity exists for high-dose rate (HDR) treatments of 
cervical, endometrial, or prostate cancer when creating even a short distance 
between the anterior rectal wall and field of radiation is ideal in delivering 
ablative dose to the target. An effective solution to such problem is to 
physically displace rectum as the organ at risk. This research presents an organ 
retractor device that is designed to displace the rectum away from the path of 
radiation beam employing a Nitinol shape memory alloy that is designed for 
displacing the rectum upon actuation. A control system regulates the motion in a 
reproducible and safe manner by creating the desirable shape in moving the 
anterior rectal wall. The study finds the novel organ retractor device to be a 
promising tool that can be applied in a clinical setting for minimizing dose to 
the rectum during treatment of pelvic tumors, and creating the potential to 
deliver an ablative dose to tumor volume or to escalate the dose when needed.

© 2018 The Authors. Journal of Applied Clinical Medical Physics published by 
Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of American Association of Physicists in 
Medicine.

DOI: 10.1002/acm2.12517
PMCID: PMC6333141
PMID: 30586477 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


957. RETRACTED ARTICLE

DNA Cell Biol. 2019 Feb;38(2):144-150. doi: 10.1089/dna.2018.4441. Epub 2018 Dec 
26.

miR-142 Suppresses Endometrial Cancer Proliferation In Vitro and In Vivo by 
Targeting Cyclin D1.

Su Y(1), Wang J(2), Ma Z(1), Gong W(3), Yu L(4).

Author information:
(1)1 Department of Radiotherapy, The Affiliated Yantai Yuhuangding Hospital of 
Qingdao University, Yantai, China.
(2)2 Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, The Affiliated Yantai Yuhuangding 
Hospital of Qingdao University, Yantai, China.
(3)3 Department of Oncology, The Affiliated Yantai Yuhuangding Hospital of 
Qingdao University, Yantai, China.
(4)4 Department of Physical Examination, The Affiliated Yantai Yuhuangding 
Hospital of Qingdao University, Yantai, China.

Retraction in
    DNA Cell Biol. 2022 Jun;41(6):641. doi: 10.1089/dna.2018.4441.retract.

Endometrial cancer (EC), a prevalent gynecologic tumor, is a great threat to 
women. We aimed to explore miR-142's effects on EC and the relevant mechanisms. 
Cell proliferation was evaluated with MTT, cell counting, and colony formation 
assay. MRNA abundances of miR-142 and cyclin D1 (CCND1) were examined with 
quantitative real-time PCR. CCND1 protein level in cells was analyzed with 
Western blot. miR-142's downstream target was identified with targetscan and 
luciferase reporter assay. Nude mice were injected subcutaneously with Ishikawa 
(ISK) cells transfected with or without miR-142 mimics. Ki-67 and CCND1 
expressions in tumors of xenograft mice were analyzed with immunohistochemical 
assay. miR-142 was expressed at a lower level in human EC tumor samples than 
matched normal tissues, and its mRNA level in EC patients without metastasis was 
higher than that in patients with metastatic EC. Additionally, low-level miR-142 
was closely linked with the poor prognosis of EC patients. miR-142 restricted 
ISK and HEC-1A cell proliferation. Targetscan and luciferase reporter assay 
proved the target relationship between miR-142 and CCND1. Moreover, high-level 
CCND1 was positively correlated with the poor prognosis of EC patients. Besides, 
miR-142 mimics restricted tumor growth in ISK xenografted mice, as well as 
inhibited the expression of Ki67 and CCND1 in excised tumors. miR-142 restricted 
EC proliferation by targeting CCND1.

DOI: 10.1089/dna.2018.4441
PMID: 30585737 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


958. Urology. 2018 Dec 20:S0090-4295(18)31327-X. doi: 10.1016/j.urology.2018.12.012. 
Online ahead of print.

WITHDRAWN: PSMA-PET: a maturing tool.

Wu SY(1), Feng FY(2), Hope TA(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of California, San Francisco.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of California, San Francisco; 
Department of Urology, University of California, San Francisco; University of 
California San Francisco Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center; 
Department of Radiology and Biomedical Imaging, University of California, San 
Francisco.
(3)University of California San Francisco Helen Diller Family Comprehensive 
Cancer Center; Department of Radiology and Biomedical Imaging, University of 
California, San Francisco; Department of Radiology, San Francisco VA Medical 
Center. Electronic address: thomas.hope@ucsf.edu.

DOI: 10.1016/j.urology.2018.12.012
PMID: 30580008


959. Urology. 2018 Dec 21:S0090-4295(18)31326-8. doi: 10.1016/j.urology.2018.12.011. 
Online ahead of print.

WITHDRAWN: Impact of Staging 68Ga-PSMA-11 PET scans on radiation treatment plans 
in patients with prostate cancer by Thomas Hope et al.

Heidenreich A(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Urology, Uro-Oncology, Robot-Assisted and Reconstructive 
Urologic Surgery, University Hospital Cologne, Germany, Kerpener Str. 62, 50937 
Köln. Electronic address: axel.heidenreich@uk-koeln.de.

DOI: 10.1016/j.urology.2018.12.011
PMID: 30580001


960. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Med Rep. 2019 Feb;19(2):1403-1409. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2018.9750. Epub 2018 Dec 
12.

MicroRNA‑509 targets PAX6 to inhibit cell proliferation and invasion in 
papillary thyroid carcinoma.

Zhang S(1), Wang Q(1), Li D(1), Huang B(2), Hou X(3), Wang D(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thyroid Surgery, Shanxi Provincial People's Hospital, Taiyuan, 
Shanxi 030012, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Gastrointestinal Pancreas, Hernia and Abdominal Wall Surgery, 
Shanxi Provincial People's Hospital, Taiyuan, Shanxi 030012, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Chest Radiotherapy, Tumor Hospital of Shanxi Province, Taiyuan, 
Shanxi 030012, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Mol Med Rep. 2023 Feb;27(2):23. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2022.12910.

MicroRNAs (miRNAs/miRs) negatively regulate the expression of numerous genes and 
therefore contribute to the occurrence and development of papillary thyroid 
carcinoma (PTC). Hence, further investigation into the specific roles of miRNAs 
in PTC is valuable for developing effective therapeutic methods for patients 
with this disease. MiRNA‑509 is dysregulated and serves pivotal roles in several 
types of human cancer; however, the expression and roles of miR‑509 in PTC and 
its underlying mechanism require further investigation. In the present study, 
the expression of miR‑509 in PTC tissues and cell lines was detected and the 
specific functions of miR‑509 in the progression of PTC were investigated. 
Additionally, the molecular mechanisms underlying the action of miR‑509 in PTC 
were determined. The present study demonstrated that miR‑509 was significantly 
downregulated in PTC tissues and cell lines. MiR‑509 upregulation inhibited the 
PTC cell proliferation and invasion. Mechanistically, paired box 6 (PAX6) was 
identified as a novel target of miR‑509 in PTC cells. In clinical PTC samples, 
miR‑509 was significantly overexpressed and inversely correlated with PAX6 
expression. PAX6 restoration effectively reversed the inhibitory effects of 
miR‑509 overexpression on PTC cell proliferation and invasion. These results 
demonstrated that miR‑509 may act as a tumor suppressor in PTC by directly 
targeting PAX6. Thus, miR‑509 may be a potential therapeutic target for the 
treatment of patients with PTC.

DOI: 10.3892/mmr.2018.9750
PMID: 30569166 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


961. Med Sci Monit Basic Res. 2018 Dec 20;24:232. doi: 10.12659/MSMBR.914478.

Retracted: miR-144 Potentially Suppresses Proliferation and Migration of Ovarian 
Cancer Cells by Targeting RUNX1.

Han S(1), Zhu J(2), Zhang Y(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gynecology, Second Affiliated Hospital of Dalian Medical 
University, Dalian, Liaoning, China (mainland).
(2)Department of Oncology, Affiliated Zhongshan Hospital of Dalian University, 
Dalian, Liaoning, China (mainland).
(3)Department of Experimental Radiation Oncology, MD Anderson, Houston, TX, USA.

Retraction of
    Med Sci Monit Basic Res. 2018 Feb 15;24:40-46. doi: 10.12659/msmbr.907333.

This article is being retracted by request of the author, who mistakenly 
submitted and processed the publication in the wrong journal.

DOI: 10.12659/MSMBR.914478
PMCID: PMC6319437
PMID: 30568158


962. Oper Neurosurg (Hagerstown). 2019 Oct 1;17(4):E177-E183. doi: 
10.1093/ons/opy380.

Supracerebellar Transtentorial Approach for Occipital Meningioma to Maximize 
Visual Preservation: Technical Note.

Golub D(1)(2), Mehan ND(1), Kwan K(1), Salas SJ(3), Schulder M(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, North Shore University Hospital, Zucker School of 
Medicine at Hofstra/Northwell, Manhasset, New York.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Department of Neurology, New York University 
School of Medicine, New York, New York.
(3)Department of Neurosurgery, Henry Ford Hospital System, Detroit, Michigan.

Comment in
    Oper Neurosurg (Hagerstown). 2019 Oct 1;17(4):E184-E185. doi: 
10.1093/ons/opz137.

BACKGROUND AND IMPORTANCE: Surgery for resection of tentorial meningiomas 
compressing primary visual cortex carries a significant risk of worsening 
vision. This concern is especially acute in patients with a preexisting visual 
deficit. Approaches that involve mechanical retraction of the occipital lobe 
further threaten visual function. The supracerebellar transtentorial (SCTT) 
approach, which does not carry a risk of occipital retraction injury, should be 
considered for patients with occipital tentorial meningiomas to maximize 
functional visual outcomes.
CLINICAL PRESENTATION: A 54-yr-old woman underwent 2 resections and radiation 
therapy for a right occipital oligodendroglioma as a teenager. She was left with 
a complete left homonymous hemianopsia. The patient now presented with 
progressive vision loss in her remaining right visual field. Imaging revealed a 
left occipital superiorly projecting tentorial meningioma. To preserve her 
remaining visual function the SCTT approach was chosen for resection. A Simpson 
grade 1 removal was achieved without disrupting the occipital lobe pia or 
requiring mechanical cerebellar retraction. A diagnosis of a WHO grade II 
meningioma (presumably radiation induced) was made. The patient's vision 
returned to premorbid baseline 1 wk after surgery.
CONCLUSION: The SCTT approach should be considered for the surgical management 
of patients with occipital tentorial meningiomas when visual preservation is at 
risk. This approach avoids transgression of visual cortex and minimizes the risk 
of venous infarction or contusions from retraction injury.

Copyright © 2018 by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons.

DOI: 10.1093/ons/opy380
PMID: 30566655 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


963. RETRACTED ARTICLE

PLoS Genet. 2018 Dec 17;14(12):e1007790. doi: 10.1371/journal.pgen.1007790. 
eCollection 2018 Dec.

miR-3607-3p suppresses non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) by targeting TGFBR1 
and CCNE2.

Gao P(1), Wang H(1), Yu J(1), Zhang J(2), Yang Z(1), Liu M(1), Niu Y(1), Wei 
X(1), Wang W(1), Li H(2), Wang Y(3), Sun G(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, North China University of Science and 
Technology Affiliated People's Hospital, Tangshan, China.
(2)Department of pathology, North China University of Science and Technology 
Affiliated People's Hospital, Tangshan, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, PLA Army General Hospital, Beijing, China.

Retraction in
    PLoS Genet. 2024 May 7;20(5):e1011270. doi: 10.1371/journal.pgen.1011270.

Accumulating evidence indicates that miRNAs can be promising diagnostic and/or 
prognostic markers for various cancers. In this study, we identified a novel 
miRNA, miR-3607-3p, and its targets in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The 
expression of miR-3607-3p was measured and its correlation with patient 
prognosis was determined. Ectopic expression in NSCLC cells, xenografts, and 
metastasis models was used to evaluate the effects of miR-3607-3p on 
proliferation and migration of NSCLC. Luciferase assay and western blotting were 
performed to validate the potential targets of miR-3607-3p after preliminary 
screening by microarray analysis and computer-aided algorithms. We demonstrated 
that miR-3607-3p was downregulated in NSCLC tissues and that miR-3607-3p might 
act as an independent predictor for overall survival in NSCLC. Moreover, serum 
miR-3607-3p may be a novel and stable marker for NSCLC. We found that 
overexpression of miR-3607-3p inhibited cell proliferation, colony formation, 
migration and invasion, and hampered the cell cycle of NSCLC cell lines in 
vitro. Our results suggested that miR-3607-3p directly targets TGFBR1 and CCNE2. 
In accordance with in vitro studies, we confirmed that miR-3607-3p functions as 
a potent suppressor miRNA of NSCLC. We showed that miR-3607-3p agomir could 
reduce tumor growth and inhibit TGFBR1 and CCNE2 protein expression. Taken 
together, our findings indicate that miR-3607-3p can inhibit NSCLC cell growth 
and metastasis by targeting TGFBR1 and CCNE2 protein expression, and provide new 
evidence of miR-3607-3p as a potential non-invasive biomarker and therapeutic 
target for NSCLC.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pgen.1007790
PMCID: PMC6312350
PMID: 30557355 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


964. Radiother Oncol. 2019 Jan;130:68-74. doi: 10.1016/j.radonc.2018.09.022. Epub 
2018 Dec 11.

Functional Swallowing Units (FSUs) as organs-at-risk for radiotherapy. PART 2: 
Advanced delineation guidelines for FSUs.

Gawryszuk A(1), Bijl HP(2), Holwerda M(3), Halmos GB(4), Wedman J(4), Witjes 
MJH(5), van der Vliet AM(6), Dorgelo B(6), Langendijk JA(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Groningen, University Medical 
Center Groningen, The Netherlands. Electronic address: a.gawryszuk@umcg.nl.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Groningen, University Medical 
Center Groningen, The Netherlands.
(3)Department of Otolaryngology, Speech Language Pathology, University of 
Groningen, University Medical Center Groningen, The Netherlands.
(4)Department of Otolaryngology, Head and Neck Surgery, University of Groningen, 
University Medical Center Groningen, The Netherlands.
(5)Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, University of Groningen, 
University Medical Center Groningen, The Netherlands.
(6)Department of Radiology, University of Groningen, University Medical Center 
Groningen, The Netherlands.

BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: In a separate article (PART 1), a rationale and 
explanation of the physiology-and-anatomy-based concept of Functional Swallowing 
Units (FSUs) was presented. FSUs are swallowing muscles not included in the set 
of commonly defined swallowing organs at risk (SWOARs). They are involved in 
three crucial swallowing components: hyolaryngeal elevation (HLE), tongue base 
retraction (TBR) and tongue motion. This paper is a continuation of PART 1 and 
it provides detailed computed tomography (CT)-based delineation guidelines for 
FSUs, which presumably are also at risk of radiation-induced dysphagia.
MATERIAL AND METHODS: Following analysis of swallowing physiology and human 
anatomy, presented in PART 1, CT-based delineation guidelines for defined FSUs 
were created. Delineation was performed by the first author and revised by a 
panel of experts.
RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: Detailed delineation guidelines are presented for seven 
FSUs involved in HLE, TBR and tongue motion. The guidelines are supplemented by 
CT and MRI-based exemplary illustrations and complete CT/MRI-based delineation 
atlases (available online). This paper provides information essential to the 
implementation of the FSU concept in radiation practice, and supports uniform 
contouring, data collection and further improvement of swallowing sparing 
radiation-based strategies.

Copyright © 2018 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.radonc.2018.09.022
PMID: 30551889 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


965. Front Oncol. 2018 Nov 28;8:558. doi: 10.3389/fonc.2018.00558. eCollection 2018.

Contemporary Surgical Management of Deep-Seated Metastatic Brain Tumors Using 
Minimally Invasive Approaches.

Marenco-Hillembrand L(1), Alvarado-Estrada K(1), Chaichana KL(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Mayo Clinic, Jacksonville, FL, United States.

A subset of metastatic brain tumors occurs in deep-seated locations. Accessing 
and resecting these lesions can be associated with significant morbidity because 
it involves large craniotomies, extensive white matter dissection, prolonged 
retraction, and risk of inadvertent tissue injury. As a result, only palliative 
treatment options are typically offered for these lesions including observation, 
needle biopsies, and/or radiation therapy. With the development of new surgical 
tools and techniques, minimally invasive techniques have allowed for the 
treatment of these lesions previously associated with significant morbidity. 
These minimally invasive techniques include laser interstitial thermal therapy 
and channel-based resections.

DOI: 10.3389/fonc.2018.00558
PMCID: PMC6279910
PMID: 30547010


966. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncol Lett. 2018 Dec;16(6):6903-6909. doi: 10.3892/ol.2018.9512. Epub 2018 Sep 
27.

miR-639 is associated with advanced cancer stages and promotes proliferation and 
migration of nasopharyngeal carcinoma.

Wang YH(1), Yin YW(2), Zhou H(3), Cao YD(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Ear, Nose and Throat, Linyi City People's Hospital, Linyi, 
Shandong 276000, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Oncology, Linyi City People's Hospital, Linyi, Shandong 276000, 
P.R. China.
(3)Department of Ear, Nose and Throat, The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanjing 
Medical University, Nanjing, Jiangsu 210029, P.R. China.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanjing 
Medical University, Nanjing, Jiangsu 210029, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Oncol Lett. 2023 Dec 27;27(2):76. doi: 10.3892/ol.2023.14209.

Early detection of nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is of vital importance for 
improving prognosis and survival rates. MicroRNA (miRNA) are a class of short 
and non-coding RNA molecules that are capable of inhibiting the translation of 
mRNA of target genes. Previous studies have revealed that miRNA are involved in 
tumorigenesis and cancer development. The RNase-resistance of circulating miRNA 
have made them valuable non-invasive biomarkers, and has therefore drawn 
particular attention to their therapeutic potential. The aim of the present 
study was to investigate the expression of the previously uncharacterized 
miR-639 in NPC. In a study population of 139 patients, higher expression of 
miR-639 was associated with metastasis, more advanced cancer stages, and lower 
disease-free survival rates. In vitro experiments involving transfection of 
human NPC C666-1 and NPC/HK1 cell lines with miR-639 mimics and antagomir 
indicated that overexpressing miR-639 promoted cell proliferation and migration, 
suppression of miR-639 inhibited proliferation and migration. The present study 
provides evidence that miR-639 is differentially expressed in NPC tissues of 
varying cancer stages, and suggests that quantifying circulating miR-639 may be 
of importance for non-invasive diagnosis and prognostic evaluation, and may have 
potential therapeutic utility.

DOI: 10.3892/ol.2018.9512
PMCID: PMC6256336
PMID: 30546422


967. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Health Pollut. 2017 Dec 18;7(14):30-36. doi: 10.5696/2156-9614-7.14.30. 
eCollection 2017 Jun.

Retracted Human Health Risk of Chromium Intake From Consumption of Poultry Meat 
and Eggs in Dhaka, Bangladesh.

Hossain MS(1), Roy P(1), Islam M(1), Chowdhury MAZ(2), Fardous Z(2), Rahman 
MA(2), Saifullah ASM(2), Hasan M(3), Rahman MM(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Public Health and Informatics, Jahangirnagar University, Savar, 
Dhaka, Bangladesh.
(2)Institute of Food and Radiation Biology (IFRB), Atomic Energy Research 
Establishment (AERE), Ganakbari, Savar, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
(3)Department of Environmental Sciences, Jahangirnagar University, Savar, Dhaka, 
Bangladesh.
(4)International Affairs Division, Bangladesh Atomic Energy Commission, Dhaka, 
Bangladesh.

Retraction in
    J Health Pollut. 2017 Dec 18;7(16):1. doi: 10.5696/2156-9614-7.16.1.

BACKGROUND: Heavy metals contamination of food is a serious threat. Long term 
exposure may lead to human health risks. Poultry and eggs are a major source of 
protein, but if contaminated by heavy metals, have the potential to lead to 
detrimental effects on human health.
OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study is to determine chromium concentrations 
in poultry meat (flesh and liver) and eggs collected from poultry farms in 
Dhaka, Bangladesh, to calculate the daily intake of chromium from the 
consumption of poultry meat and eggs for adults, and to evaluate their potential 
health risk by calculating the target hazard quotients (THQ).
METHODS: All samples of poultry feed, meat (flesh and liver) and eggs were 
analyzed by a graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrometer (AAS) (GFA- EX- 7i 
Shimadju, Japan).
RESULTS: Chromium concentrations were recorded in the range of not detected (ND) 
to 1.3926±0.0010 mg kg-1 and 0.0678±0.0001 mg kg-1 to 1.3764±0.0009 mg kg-1 in 
the liver of broiler and layer chickens, respectively. Chromium concentrations 
were determined in the range of 0.069±1.0004 mgkg-1 to 2.0746±0.0021 mg kg-1 and 
0.0362±0.0002 mg kg-1 to 1.2752±0.0014 mg kg-1 in the flesh of broiler and layer 
chicken, respectively. The mean concentration of chromium in eggs was 
0.2174-1.08 mg kg.-1 The highest concentration of chromium 2.4196±0.0019 mg kg-1 
was found in egg yolk. Target hazard quotients values in all poultry flesh, 
liver and eggs samples were less than one, indicating no potential health risks 
to consumers.
CONCLUSIONS: The estimated daily intake values of chromium were below the 
threshold limit. Thus, our results indicate that no adverse health effects are 
expected as a resultof ingestion of chicken fed with tannery waste.
ETHICS APPROVAL: This study was approved by the Biosafety, Biosecurity & Ethical 
Committee of Jahangirnagar University.

DOI: 10.5696/2156-9614-7.14.30
PMCID: PMC6259483
PMID: 30524820

Conflict of interest statement: Competing Interests. The authors declare no 
competing financial interests


968. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2018 Nov 7;2018:9420745. doi: 10.1155/2018/9420745. 
eCollection 2018.

5-Aminolevulinic Acid-Based Photodynamic Therapy Pretreatment Mitigates 
Ultraviolet A-Induced Oxidative Photodamage.

Hua H(1), Cheng J(1), Bu W(2), Liu J(1), Ma W(1), Si C(1), Wang J(1), Zhou B(1), 
Luo D(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Dermatology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Nanjing Medical 
University, Nanjing 210029, China.
(2)Institute of Dermatology, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences (CAMS) & Peking 
Union Medical College (PUMC), Nanjing, Jiangsu, China.

Retraction in
    Oxid Med Cell Longev. 2020 Aug 29;2020:2769472. doi: 10.1155/2020/2769472.

AIM: To determine whether 5-aminolevulinic acid-based photodynamic therapy 
(ALA-PDT) is effective in combating ultraviolet A- (UVA-) induced oxidative 
photodamage of hairless mice skin in vivo and human epidermal keratinocytes in 
vitro.
METHODS: In in vitro experiments, the human keratinocyte cell line (HaCaT cells) 
was divided into two groups: the experimental group was treated with ALA-PDT and 
the control group was left untreated. Then, the experimental group and the 
control group of cells were exposed to 10 J/m2 of UVA radiation. ROS, O2 - 
species, and MMP were determined by fluorescence microscopy; p53, OGG1, and XPC 
were determined by Western blot analysis; apoptosis was determined by flow 
cytometry; and 8-oxo-dG was determined by immunofluorescence. Moreover, HaCaT 
cells were also treated with ALA-PDT. Then, SOD1 and SOD2 were examined by 
Western blot analysis. In in vivo experiments, the dorsal skin of hairless mice 
was treated with ALA-PDT or saline-PDT, and then, they were exposed to 20 J/m2 
UVA light. The compound 8-oxo-dG was detected by immunofluorescence.
CONCLUSION: In human epidermal keratinocytes and hairless mice skin, UVA-induced 
oxidative damage can be prevented effectively with ALA-PDT pretreatment.

DOI: 10.1155/2018/9420745
PMCID: PMC6247436
PMID: 30524664 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


969. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Manag Res. 2018 Nov 8;10:5471-5477. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S182798. 
eCollection 2018.

Osthole sensitizes with radiotherapy to suppress tumorigenesis of human 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma in vitro and in vivo.

Peng L(1), Huang YT(2), Chen J(3), Zhuang YX(3), Zhang F(4), Chen JY(4), Zhou 
L(5), Zhang DH(6).

Author information:
(1)Clinical Laboratory, Cancer Hospital of Shantou University Medical College, 
Shantou 515031, People's Republic of China.
(2)Health Care Center, The First Affiliated Hospital of Shantou University 
Medical College. Shantou 515041, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Cancer Hospital of Shantou University Medical 
College, Shantou 515031, People's Republic of China.
(4)Oncological Research Lab, Cancer Hospital of Shantou University Medical 
College, Shantou 515031, People's Republic of China, kinyny@21cn.com.
(5)Department of Gynecological Oncology, Cancer Hospital of Shantou University 
Medical College, Shantou 515031, People's Repulic of China.
(6)Department of Cardiology, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Wenzhou Medical 
University, Wenzhou 325027, Zhejiang, People's Repulic of China, 
dzhang14@gsu.com.

Retraction in
    Cancer Manag Res. 2023 Mar 24;15:319-320. doi: 10.2147/CMAR.S412641.

BACKGROUND: Radiotherapy is one of the most comment and useful treatment for 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC), but the radioresistance remains a major 
obstacle. Osthole, a natural coumarin derivative, has been shown to have 
anti-tumor and anti-inflammatory activity. However, the relationship between 
osthole and NPC treatment, especially for radiotherapy, is still elusive.
METHODS: Osthole with or without X ray radiotherapy treated with CNE2 cells, a 
human EC cell line. Cell viability, proliferation, migration and apoptosis were 
measured by MTT, colony formation, Annexin V/PI double staining, Transwell 
assay, respectively. NPC tumor models were established on BALB/c nude mice by 
subcutaneously injection of CNE2 cells and the effect of osthole and 
radiotherapy on tumor growth in vivo was studied.
RESULTS: We found that in a dose-dependent manner, osthole could individually, 
and synergistically with radiotherapy, reduce NPC cell (CNE2) viability, 
proliferation, migration, and invasion, and induce apoptosis, respectively. This 
effect of anti-tumor growth and induction of apoptosis was further confirmed in 
mice induced by subcutaneously injection with CNE2 cells and following treated 
with osthole or/and radiation.
CONCLUSION: Osthole increases the effect of radiotherapy on anti-human 
nasopharyngeal cancer.

DOI: 10.2147/CMAR.S182798
PMCID: PMC6233473
PMID: 30519095

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure The authors report no conflicts of 
interest in this work.


970. Cancer Res. 2018 Dec 1;78(23):6708. doi: 10.1158/0008-5472.CAN-18-3091.

Retraction: Interleukin-12 Deficiency Is Permissive for Angiogenesis in UV 
Radiation-Induced Skin Tumors.

Meeran SM, Katiyar S, Elmets CA, Katiyar SK.

Retraction of
    Cancer Res. 2007 Apr 15;67(8):3785-93. doi: 10.1158/0008-5472.CAN-06-3134.

DOI: 10.1158/0008-5472.CAN-18-3091
PMCID: PMC6362994
PMID: 30509958


971. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2018 Oct 25;11:7483-7492. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S182290. 
eCollection 2018.

Long noncoding RNA UCA1 promotes the proliferation, invasion, and migration of 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells via modulation of miR-145.

Wu J(1), Du M(1), Zhang Q(1), Zhang W(2), Fan Y(1), Yin L(1), Fei Q(2), Jiang 
X(1), Chen W(1), Zhu H(1), Yan P(1), He X(1), Bian X(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Jiangsu Cancer Hospital & Jiangsu Institute of 
Cancer Research & The Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Nanjing Medical University, 
Nanjing, Jiangsu, China, hexiabm@163.com; bianxiuhua_flk@sina.com.
(2)The Fourth Clinical Medical College of Nanjing Medical University, Nanjing, 
Jiangsu, China.

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2023 Sep 05;16:727-728. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S438002.

BACKGROUND: Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is a common malignant tumor 
characterized by highly malignant local invasion and distant metastasis. 
Recently, increasing attention has been paid to long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs), 
which play significant roles in tumorigenesis and progression. However, little 
is known about the potential role of the lncRNA urothelial carcinoma-associated 
1 (UCA1) in NPC cell invasion and migration.
METHODS: Real-time quantitative PCR was used to analyze the expression of lncRNA 
UCA1 in NPC cell lines and NP69. lncRNA UCA1 knock-down nasopharyngeal carcinoma 
cell line models were established through siRNA. Cell viability was evaluated by 
Cell counting kit-8 and Colony forming assay. The migration and invasion 
capacities were evaluated by wound healing and transwell migration and invasion 
assays. Western blot analysis were used to examine protein changes followed by 
UCA1 knock-down.
RESULTS: Our study confirmed that UCA1 was upregulated in NPC cell lines and 
involved in NPC tumorigenesis according to our established UCA1-associated 
competing endogenous RNA network. Moreover, functional analyses indicated that 
the downregulation of UCA1 exerted inhibitory effects on cell proliferation, 
invasion, and migration. Mechanistic analyses revealed that UCA1 was the target 
of miR-145 and functioned as a sponge to repress miR-145 expression. Rescue 
experiments suggested that lncRNA UCA1 reversed the miR-145-mediated inhibition 
on oncogene ADAM17 expression, thus promoting the proliferation, invasion, and 
migration of NPC cells.
CONCLUSION: LncRNA UCA1 functions as a tumor promoter in NPC. UCA1 promotes the 
proliferation and invasion of NPC cells by sponging miR-145, functionally 
altering ADAM17 expression targeted by miR-145. Our exploration of the 
underlying mechanism of UCA1 in NPC may provide novel therapeutic targets for 
NPC.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S182290
PMCID: PMC6207254
PMID: 30498361

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure The authors report no conflicts of 
interest in this work.


972. Oper Neurosurg (Hagerstown). 2019 Jul 1;17(1):E19-E20. doi: 10.1093/ons/opy347.

Awake Transcortical Approach Resection of Dominant Posterior Cingulate Gyrus 
Glioma: 2-Dimensional Operative Video.

Hameed NUF(1), Wu B(1), Gong F(1), Zhang J(1), Chen H(2), Wu J(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, 
China.
(2)Department of Pathology, Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.

Comment in
    Oper Neurosurg (Hagerstown). 2019 Jul 1;17(1):E21-E22. doi: 
10.1093/ons/opz038.

Two techniques, the translongitudinal cerebral fissure and transfrontal cortical 
approach, can be employed to resect posterior cingulate gyrus tumors. We 
demonstrate the transcortical technique comprising of multimodal imaging 
guidance and awake brain mapping which enabled maximum safe resection of 
dominant cingulate gyrus glioma.  The patient, a 49-yr-old female, came to 
clinic after experiencing headache for a month. Initial magnetic resonance 
imaging (MRI) scans revealed a nonenhancing lesion of the left posterior 
cingulate gyrus. Three-dimensional magnetic resonance spectroscopy was used to 
analyze the choline/N-acetyl-aspartate index (CNI) which strongly suggested a 
low-grade glioma diagnosis.  In surgery, after creating a tailed bone window and 
dural opening, strip electrode was placed across the central sulcus for 
continuous motor evoked potential monitoring. Next, direct cortical stimulation 
was done to map functional cortical areas. The transcortical approach was chosen 
at this point because many veins hindered hemisphere retraction. Noneloquent 
cortical incisions were made and the tumor was carefully debunked with a 
cavitron ultrasonic surgical aspirator. The corpus callosum marked the deep end 
of dissection. Subcortical mapping combined with diffusion tensor imaging 
tractography-based navigation was performed to localize motor and language 
tracks. Intraoperative MRI evaluation confirmed a gross total resection. 
Pathological and molecular analysis revealed a World Health Organization Grade 
II IDH-wildtype Diffuse Astrocytoma diagnosis. Since the patient falls in 
high-risk group, she was also administered radiation and chemotherapy. Long-term 
cognitive evaluation follow-up of the patient showed she had good functional 
recovery with no obvious long-term deficits.  Informed patient consent was 
obtained.

Copyright © 2018 by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons.

DOI: 10.1093/ons/opy347
PMID: 30496564


973. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Pharmacother. 2019 Feb;110:213-223. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2018.11.037. 
Epub 2018 Nov 23.

Cytokine augments the sorafenib-induced apoptosis in Huh7 liver cancer cell by 
inducing mitochondrial fragmentation and activating MAPK-JNK signalling pathway.

Zhang L(1), Li S(1), Wang R(1), Chen C(2), Ma W(1), Cai H(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Gansu Province Hospital, No. 204 Donggang West 
Road, Chengguan District, Lanzhou, Gansu Province, 730000, People's Republic of 
China.
(2)Department of Cardiology, Shanghai Songjiang District Central Hospital, No. 
746 Zhongshan Middle Road, Songjiang District, Shanghai, 201600, People's 
Republic of China. Electronic address: 674141075@qq.co.

Retraction in
    Biomed Pharmacother. 2020 Sep;129:110480. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2020.110480.

Sorafenib is a standard targeted drug used to treat hepatocellular carcinoma 
(HCC). Notably, cytokine has been found to further enhance the therapeutic 
effectiveness of the targeted drug. Thereby, the aim of this study is to verify 
whether cytokine IL-2 could increase the anti-cancer effects of sorafenib on 
liver cancer in vitro. Huh7 cells were used in the present study and the cell 
apoptosis and migration were determined in response to sorafenib treatment. 
Then, siRNA and pathway blocker were used to determine the molecular mechanisms 
by which IL-2 enhance the therapeutic effectiveness of Huh7 liver cancer cell in 
vitro. The data in our study illustrated that sorafenib treatment induced 
apoptosis in Huh7 liver cancer cell in vitro, an effect that was accompanied 
with a drop in cell proliferation and migration. Biological investigation 
demonstrated that IL-2 supplementation further augmented the pro-apoptotic 
effects of sorafenib in vitro. At the molecular levels, the combination of IL-2 
and sorafenib impaired mitochondrial respiratory function, reduced mitochondrial 
potential, promoted mitochondrial ROS overloading and activated mitochondrial 
apoptotic pathway. Meanwhile, we found that IL-2 supplementation induced 
mitochondrial stress via activating mitochondrial fragmentation in a manner 
dependent on MAPK-JNK signalling pathway and TAZ protein. Blockade of the JNK 
signalling pathway and/or knockdown of TAZ could abrogate the inhibitor effects 
of IL-2/sorafenib on liver cancer survival, growth and mobility. Collectively, 
these data indicated that IL-2 supplementation could further augment the 
anti-cancer effectiveness of sorafenib via activating mitochondrial 
fragmentation in a manner dependent on MAPK-JNK signalling pathway and TAZ 
protein. This finding identifies mitochondrial stress and the JNK-Hippo pathway 
as the potential targets to treat liver cancer.

Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Masson SAS.. All rights 
reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biopha.2018.11.037
PMID: 30476722 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


974. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cureus. 2018 Sep 17;10(9):e3321. doi: 10.7759/cureus.3321.

An Overview of the Pathology and Emerging Treatment Approaches for Interstitial 
Cystitis/Bladder Pain Syndrome.

Ali A(1), Ali NS(2), Malik MB(3), Sayyed Z(4), Ahmad MQ(5).

Author information:
(1)Internal Medicine, CMH Lahore Medical College and Institute of Dentistry, 
Lahore, PAK.
(2)Internal Medicine, Allama Iqbal Medical College, Lahore, PAK.
(3)Internal Medicine, Shifa College of Medicine, Islamabad, PAK.
(4)Pediatrics, Shaikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al-Nahyan Medical and Dental College, 
Bahawalpur, PAK.
(5)Hematology/Oncology, University of Arizona Cancer Center, Tucson, USA.

Retraction in
    Cureus. 2019 Apr 16;11(4):r14. doi: 10.7759/cureus.r14.

Our article will discuss bladder pain syndrome (BPS), which is the presence of 
chronic suprapubic pain to bladder filling accompanied by other urinary 
symptoms, such as frequency, urgency, discomfort with filling, and relief with 
emptying of the bladder in the absence of infections or other pathology. It is 
mostly seen in females and occurs in 0.06%-30% of the population. Some of the 
proposed mechanisms causing BPS include damage to the bladder lining, a problem 
manifesting in the pelvic musculature, endocrine, neurological, allergic, 
autoimmune system, and inflammatory system; however, a definite cause has not 
been yet identified. Two types of this syndrome have been identified, ulcerative 
and non-ulcerative. In the ulcerative disease, areas of reddened mucosa 
associated with small vessels radiating towards a central scar (at times, 
covered by a small clot or fibrin) can be seen. In the non-ulcerative type, a 
normal bladder mucosa can be observed initially, and the subsequent development 
of glomerulations after hydrodistension is considered a definite sign of its 
diagnosis. The diagnosis of BPS is primarily clinical; however, cystoscopy and 
biopsy can also be performed, if needed. Finally, we will discuss in detail the 
treatment of BPS, which constitutes three different guidelines (The European 
Association of Urology (EAU) Guidelines 2017, the American Urology Association 
(AUA) Guidelines 2014, and The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists 
(RCOG) in conjunction with the British Society of Urogynaecologists (BSUG) 
Guidelines 2016). All are proposing different types of therapy, 
including conservative, medical, and surgical treatment.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.3321
PMCID: PMC6248749
PMID: 30473954

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


975. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Prog Urol. 2018 Nov;28(12S):S165-S174. doi: 10.1016/j.purol.2018.08.010. Epub 
2018 Oct 25.

[RETRACTED: Recommandations françaises du Comité de Cancérologie de l’AFU — 
Actualisation 2018—2020 : sarcomes rétropéritonéaux French ccAFU guidelines — 
Update 2018—2020: Retroperitoneal sarcoma].

[Article in French]

Murez T(1), Savoie PH(2), Fléchon A(3), Durand X(4), Rocher L(5), Camparo P(6), 
Morel-Journel N(7), Ferretti L(8), Sèbe P(9), Méjean A(10).

Author information:
(1)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017, Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie et transplantation rénale, CHU Lapeyronie, 371, avenue du 
Doyen-Gaston-Giraud, 34295, Montpellier cedex 5, France. Electronic address: 
t-murez@chu-montpellier.fr.
(2)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017, Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, hôpital d'instruction des armées Sainte-Anne, BP 600, 83800, 
Toulon cedex 09, France.
(3)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017, Paris, France; 
Service d'oncologie médicale, centre Léon-Bérard, 28, rue Laennec, 69008, Lyon, 
France.
(4)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017, Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, hôpital d'instruction des Armées Bégin, 69, avenue de Paris, 
94160, Saint Mande, France.
(5)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017, Paris, France; 
Service de radiologie, CHU Paris Sud, site Kremlin-Bicêtre, AP-HP, 94270, Le 
Kremlin-Bicêtre, France.
(6)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017, Paris, France; 
Centre de pathologie, 51, rue de Jeanne-D'Arc, 80000, Amiens, France.
(7)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017, Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, centre hospitalier Lyon Sud (Pierre Bénite), HCL groupement 
hospitalier du Sud, 69495, Pierre Bénite cedex, France.
(8)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017, Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, MSP de Bordeaux-Bagatelle, 203, route de Toulouse, BP 50048, 
33401, Talence cedex, France.
(9)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017, Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, groupe hospitalier Diaconesses Croix Saint Simon, 125, rue 
d'Avron, 75020, Paris, France.
(10)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017, Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, hôpital européen Georges-Pompidou, université Paris 
Descartes, AP-HP, 75015, Paris, France.

Retraction in
    Prog Urol. 2018 Nov;28 Suppl 1:R167-R176. doi: 10.1016/j.purol.2019.01.010.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal (http://www.elsevier.com/locate/withdrawalpolicy). Cet article est 
retiré de la publication à la demande des auteurs car ils ont apporté des 
modifications significatives sur des points scientifiques après la publication 
de la première version des recommandations. Le nouvel article est disponible à 
cette adresse: doi:10.1016/j.purol.2019.01.010. C’est cette nouvelle version qui 
doit être utilisée pour citer l’article. This article has been retracted at the 
request of the authors, as it is not based on the definitive version of the text 
because some scientific data has been corrected since the first issue was 
published. The replacement has been published at the 
doi:10.1016/j.purol.2019.01.010. That newer version of the text should be used 
when citing the article.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.purol.2018.08.010
PMID: 30473000 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


976. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Prog Urol. 2018 Nov;28(12S):S147-S164. doi: 10.1016/j.purol.2018.08.002. Epub 
2018 Oct 27.

[RETRACTED: Recommandations françaises du Comité de Cancérologie de l’AFU — 
Actualisation 2018—2020 : tumeurs germinales du testicule French ccAFU 
guidelines — Update 2018—2020: Testicular germ cell tumors].

[Article in French]

Murez T(1), Fléchon A(2), Savoie PH(3), Rocher L(4), Camparo P(5), Morel-Journel 
N(6), Ferretti L(7), Sèbe P(8), Méjean A(9).

Author information:
(1)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, CHRU de Montpellier, 371, avenue du Doyen-Gaston-Giraud, 
34295 Montpellier cedex 5, France. Electronic address: 
t-murez@chu-montpellier.fr.
(2)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'oncologie médicale, centre Léon-Bérard, 28, rue Laennec, 69008 Lyon, 
France.
(3)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, hôpital d'instruction des armées Sainte-Anne, BP 600, 83800 
Toulon cedex 09, France.
(4)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service de radiologie, CHU Paris Sud, site Kremlin-Bicêtre, AP-HP, 94270 Le 
Kremlin-Bicêtre, France.
(5)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Centre de pathologie, 51, rue de Jeanne-D'Arc, 80000 Amiens, France.
(6)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, centre hospitalier Lyon Sud (Pierre Bénite), HCL groupement 
hospitalier du Sud, 69495 Pierre Bénite cedex, France.
(7)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, MSP de Bordeaux-Bagatelle, 203, route de Toulouse, BP 50048, 
33401 Talence cedex, France.
(8)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, groupe hospitalier Diaconesses Croix Saint-Simon, 125, rue 
d'Avron, 75020 Paris, France.
(9)Comité de cancérologie de l'Association française d'urologie, groupe organes 
génitaux externes, maison de l'urologie, 11, rue Viète, 75017 Paris, France; 
Service d'urologie, hôpital européen Georges-Pompidou, université Paris 
Descartes, AP-HP, 75015 Paris, France.

Retraction in
    Prog Urol. 2018 Nov;28 Suppl 1:R149-R166. doi: 10.1016/j.purol.2019.01.009.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal (http://www.elsevier.com/locate/withdrawalpolicy). Cet article est 
retiré de la publication à la demande des auteurs car ils ont apporté des 
modifications significatives sur des points scientifiques après la publication 
de la première version des recommandations. Le nouvel article est disponible à 
cette adresse: doi:10.1016/j.purol.2019.01.009. C’est cette nouvelle version qui 
doit être utilisée pour citer l’article. This article has been retracted at the 
request of the authors, as it is not based on the definitive version of the text 
because some scientific data has been corrected since the first issue was 
published. The replacement has been published at the 
doi:10.1016/j.purol.2019.01.009. That newer version of the text should be used 
when citing the article.

Copyright © 2018. Published by Elsevier Masson SAS.

DOI: 10.1016/j.purol.2018.08.002
PMID: 30472999 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


977. Support Care Cancer. 2019 Jul;27(7):2633-2641. doi: 10.1007/s00520-018-4544-z. 
Epub 2018 Nov 24.

Effectiveness of myofascial release after breast cancer surgery in women 
undergoing conservative surgery and radiotherapy: a randomized controlled trial.

Serra-Añó P(1), Inglés M(1), Bou-Catalá C(1), Iraola-Lliso A(2), Espí-López 
GV(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Physiotherapy, Faculty of Physiotherapy, University of 
Valencia, Gascó Oliag Street, 5, 46010, Valencia, Spain.
(2)Medical Oncology Service, Hospital of Sagunto, Ramón y Cajal Avenue, 46520, 
Sagunto, Valencia, Spain.
(3)Department of Physiotherapy, Faculty of Physiotherapy, University of 
Valencia, Gascó Oliag Street, 5, 46010, Valencia, Spain. gemma.espi@uv.es.

PURPOSE: The scars derived from the treatment of breast cancer lead to adverse 
effects such as fibrosis or retractions of the connective tissue. Myofascial 
release (MR) seeks to reduce restrictions of the fascial system. Therefore, the 
aim of this study was to analyze the clinical impact of MR treatment on women 
survivors of breast cancer.
METHODS: We enrolled 24 women with breast cancer, 13 received myofascial release 
treatment (MR) and 11, a placebo manual lymphatic drainage treatment (PMLD). 
Both interventions were administered over a period of 4 weeks. The outcomes 
studied were pain, shoulder range of motion (ROM), functionality, quality of 
life (QoL), and depression, immediately after treatment and 1 month later.
RESULTS: After 4 weeks of treatment, only the participants who received MR 
experienced a significant decrease in pain intensity in the short and midterm 
(p < 0.05). This therapy also achieved a general improvement in ROM (p < 0.05), 
except for internal rotation, that persisted 1 month after treatment. Regarding 
functionality, both therapies achieved the level of significance (p < 0.05), but 
only MRG sustained the improvement in the midterm. General QoL, assessed with 
FACT-B, and its physical well-being dimension were significantly improved after 
MR implementation (p < 0.05), while the emotional dimension and the breast 
cancer subscale improved only with PMLD (p < 0.05).
CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, an MR-based treatment shows physical benefits (i.e., 
overall shoulder movement, functionality, and perceived pain) in women after 
breast cancer surgery.
TRIAL REGISTRATION: This study is registered on ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03182881.

DOI: 10.1007/s00520-018-4544-z
PMID: 30470892 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


978. Photochem Photobiol. 2019 May;95(3):803-811. doi: 10.1111/php.13055. Epub 2018 
Dec 7.

Effects of Ultraviolet Radiation (UVA + UVB) on Germination of Carpospores of 
the Red Macroalga Pyropia acanthophora var. brasiliensis (Rhodophyta, 
Bangiales): Morphological Changes.

Pereira DT(1), Batista D(1), Filipin EP(1), Bouzon ZL(1), Simioni C(1).

Author information:
(1)Plant Cell Biology Laboratory, Department of Cell Biology, Embryology and 
Genetics, Federal University of Santa Catarina, Florianópolis, SC, Brazil.

Carpospores of Pyropia acanthophora var. brasiliensis are dispersion and 
reproduction units responsible for giving rise to the diploid filamentous 
structure of this alga's life cycle. The present study assesses the 
anthropogenic impact of ultraviolet radiation (UVR) on morphology and 
ultrastructure, spore viability, autofluorescence of chloroplasts and the amount 
of intensity of ROS during the germination of carpospores. Carpospores were 
cultivated at 24 ± 1°C, 40 ± 10 μmol photons m-2  s-1 with photoperiod of 12 h 
and exposed to UVAR + UVBR for 3 h a day for 2 days with a daily dose of 
5.05 J cm-2 for UVAR and 0.095 J cm-2 for UVBR. Samples were cultured for 
another five days exposed only to PAR in order to confirm their viability after 
the initial 2-day exposure. Carpospores showed significant sensitivity to UVR 
exposure after only 48 h, including changes in developmental rate, overall 
morphology, cell organization and chloroplast autofluorescence. UVR exposure 
inhibited germ tube formation in carpospores, which were mostly nonviable and/or 
altered, showing retracted cytoplasm and disorganized cytoplasmic content. Even 
in the absence of UVR exposure, carpospores remained collapsed, indicating 
irreversible damage. It can be concluded that UVR is a limiting factor for the 
development of P. acanthophora.

© 2018 The American Society of Photobiology.

DOI: 10.1111/php.13055
PMID: 30466157 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


979. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2019 Apr 1;103(5):1036-1042. doi: 
10.1016/j.ijrobp.2018.11.014. Epub 2018 Nov 20.

Continued Citation of Retracted Radiation Oncology Literature-Do We Have a 
Problem?

Hamilton DG(1).

Author information:
(1)Division of Radiation Oncology and Cancer Imaging, Peter MacCallum Cancer 
Centre, Melbourne, Australia. Electronic address: danielh_00@hotmail.com.

Comment in
    Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2019 Apr 1;103(5):1043-1044. doi: 
10.1016/j.ijrobp.2019.01.001.

PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to quantify the number and explore the 
nature of citations of retracted articles in the radiation oncology literature 
occurring after publication of the retraction note.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: A list of previously identified retracted articles within 
the field of radiation oncology was updated in June 2017. The number of 
publications citing retracted articles was quantified using Google Scholar, Web 
of Science, and Scopus. Studies citing retracted publications after publication 
of the retraction note were individually assessed to determine the nature of the 
reference.
RESULTS: Forty-seven retracted articles were identified for this study. 
Thirty-seven studies (79%) received 1017 citations before retraction, and 34 
articles (72%) received 407 English and 169 foreign-language citations 
afterward. The average number of citations dropped from 22 to 11 after 
publication of the retraction note (95% confidence interval, 0.3-21.0, 
P = .043). Most postretraction citations occurred during the second year after 
the article's retraction, originated from North America and Asia (N = 124 each, 
31%) and Europe (N = 122, 30%), and featured in original articles (N = 254, 62%) 
and reviews (N = 73, 18%). Of the 358 individually evaluable citing studies, 92% 
referenced the retracted article as legitimate work. Three guidelines and 15 
systematic reviews and meta-analyses were also identified that cited retracted 
articles as valid work.
CONCLUSIONS: Postretraction citations are an avoidable phenomenon. The results 
of the study emphasize the need for investigators to adhere to good research 
practices to mitigate the influence and propagation of flawed and unethical 
research. Journal editors, peer reviewers, and the broader radiation oncology 
readership should remain diligent in ensuring that citations of retracted work 
are identified and removed before, during, and possibly even after publication.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ijrobp.2018.11.014
PMID: 30465848 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


980. Radiother Oncol. 2019 Jan;130:62-67. doi: 10.1016/j.radonc.2018.10.028. Epub 
2018 Nov 9.

Functional Swallowing Units (FSUs) as organs-at-risk for radiotherapy. PART 1: 
Physiology and anatomy.

Gawryszuk A(1), Bijl HP(2), Holwerda M(3), Halmos GB(4), Wedman J(4), Witjes 
MJH(5), van der Vliet AM(6), Dorgelo B(6), Langendijk JA(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Groningen, University Medical 
Center Groningen, The Netherlands. Electronic address: a.gawryszuk@umcg.nl.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Groningen, University Medical 
Center Groningen, The Netherlands.
(3)Department of Otolaryngology, Speech Language Pathology, University of 
Groningen, University Medical Center Groningen, The Netherlands.
(4)Department of Otolaryngology, Head and Neck Surgery, University of Groningen, 
University Medical Center Groningen, The Netherlands.
(5)Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, University of Groningen, 
University Medical Center Groningen, The Netherlands.
(6)Department of Radiology, University of Groningen, University Medical Center 
Groningen, The Netherlands.

BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: When optimising radiotherapy treatments today, the 
pharyngeal constrictor muscles and the larynx are usually regarded as the 
swallowing organs at risk (SWOARs). The purpose of this study was to identify 
and describe additional, previously undefined groups of muscles (functional 
units) involved in crucial components of swallowing (hyolaryngeal elevation 
(HLE), tongue base retraction (TBR) and tongue motion), and to emphasise their 
relevance in radiation-induced dysphagia.
MATERIAL AND METHODS: Based on available literature on human anatomy and 
swallowing physiology, the functional units of muscles involved in HLE, TBR and 
tongue motion have been identified and described.
RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: Functional swallowing units (FSUs) were defined as 
groups of swallowing muscles sharing their function, that are in close proximity 
to each other. Seven FSUs involved in HLE, TBR and tongue motion were 
identified: floor of mouth, thyrohyoid muscles, posterior digastric/stylohyoid 
muscles complex, longitudinal pharyngeal muscles, hyoglossus/styloglossus 
muscles complex, genioglossus muscles, intrinsic tongue muscles. The swallowing 
physiology and anatomy of the FSUs described in this paper will lead to a 
greater understanding of radiation-induced dysphagia mechanisms and, 
consequently, to an improvement in the development of swallowing sparing 
strategies. This article (PART 1) serves as the theoretical foundation for a 
subsequent article (PART 2), which provides detailed delineation guidelines for 
FSUs.

Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.radonc.2018.10.028
PMID: 30420235 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


981. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Eur J Pharm Sci. 2019 Jan 15;127:261-275. doi: 10.1016/j.ejps.2018.11.004. Epub 
2018 Nov 9.

Amelioration of UV radiation-induced photoaging by a combinational sunscreen 
formulation via aversion of oxidative collagen degradation and promotion of 
TGF-β-Smad-mediated collagen production.

Bora NS(1), Mazumder B(2), Mandal S(3), Patowary P(1), Goyary D(4), 
Chattopadhyay P(5), Dwivedi SK(4).

Author information:
(1)Division of Pharmaceutical Technology, Defence Research Laboratory, Tezpur 
784001, Assam, India; Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Dibrugarh 
University, Dibrugarh 784001, Assam, India.
(2)Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Dibrugarh University, Dibrugarh 
784001, Assam, India.
(3)Division of Pharmaceutical Technology, Defence Research Laboratory, Tezpur 
784001, Assam, India; School of Pharmaceutical Sciences, IFTM University, 
Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh 244001, India.
(4)Division of Pharmaceutical Technology, Defence Research Laboratory, Tezpur 
784001, Assam, India.
(5)Division of Pharmaceutical Technology, Defence Research Laboratory, Tezpur 
784001, Assam, India. Electronic address: chattopadhyay.drl@gmail.com.

Retraction in
    Eur J Pharm Sci. 2022 Oct 1;177:106245. doi: 10.1016/j.ejps.2022.106245.

The presence of 40-50% more UV radiation in high altitude areas renders the 
plethora of sunscreen products available in the market virtually ineffective. In 
this light of event, four US FDA approved UV filters were combined with 
melatonin and pumpkin seed oil to produce a broad spectrum sunscreen cream, 
which is envisaged to provide optimum sunprotection along with enhanced 
antioxidant activity. The objective of this study is to evaluate the protective 
effect of the sunscreen cream against UV radiation-induced skin photoaging in 
adult Wistar albino rats and identify its possible underlying mechanism. Wistar 
rats were exposed to broad spectrum UV radiation for 28 days. The test group 
received the sunscreen formulation dermally every day prior to UV radiation. The 
effects of the formulation against UV induced symptoms; viz. skin thickness and 
edema, in vivo antioxidant activities, inflammatory cytokines, collagen content, 
histopathological examination and expression of specific genes established the 
protective activity of the formulation. The test formulation was able to 
mitigate the harmful effects of UV radiation by increasing in vivo SOD, GSH-Px, 
CAT and collagen levels; decreasing skin edema, skin thickness and cytokines 
like IL-6, IL-1β, TNF-α and TGF-β1. UV radiation induced changes in histological 
architecture and arrangement of collagen and elastin fibers were also prevented 
by the test formulation. Finally, the formulation was able to regulate the 
expression of COL3A1, COX-2, bFGF, VEGF-C, Smad2, Smad4, Smad7 genes which 
induced significant photoprotective activity. The sunscreen formulation 
ameliorated UV induced photoaging by preventing oxidative collagen degradation 
and augmentation of TGF-β-Smad-mediated collagen production.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ejps.2018.11.004
PMID: 30414837 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


982. Sci Rep. 2018 Nov 6;8(1):16377. doi: 10.1038/s41598-018-34658-3.

Retraction Note: The Role of Scleraxis in Fate Determination of Mesenchymal Stem 
Cells for Tenocyte Differentiation.

Li Y(1), Ramcharan M(1)(2), Zhou Z(1)(3), Leong DJ(1)(2)(4)(5), Akinbiyi T(1), 
Majeska RJ(2), Sun HB(6)(7)(8).

Author information:
(1)Leni and Peter W. May Department of Orthopedics, Mount Sinai School of 
Medicine, New York, NY, 10029, USA.
(2)Department of Biomedical Engineering, City College of New York, New York, NY, 
10031, USA.
(3)Center for Stem cell and Regenerative Medicine Guangxi Normal University, 
Guilin, 541004, China.
(4)Department of Orthopedic Surgery, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Bronx, 
NY, 10461, USA.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Bronx, 
NY, 10461, USA.
(6)Leni and Peter W. May Department of Orthopedics, Mount Sinai School of 
Medicine, New York, NY, 10029, USA. herb.sun@einstein.yu.edu.
(7)Department of Orthopedic Surgery, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Bronx, 
NY, 10461, USA. herb.sun@einstein.yu.edu.
(8)Department of Radiation Oncology, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Bronx, 
NY, 10461, USA. herb.sun@einstein.yu.edu.

Retraction of
    Sci Rep. 2015 Aug 20;5:13149. doi: 10.1038/srep13149.

This paper has been retracted.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-018-34658-3
PMCID: PMC6219539
PMID: 30401955


983. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Zhejiang Univ Sci B. 2018 Nov;19(11):829-843. doi: 10.1631/jzus.B1700516.

Radiofrequency ablation versus hepatic resection for breast cancer liver 
metastasis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.

Xiao YB(1), Zhang B(1), Wu YL(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Surgery, the Second Affiliated Hospital, Zhejiang University 
School of Medicine, Hangzhou 310009, China.

Retraction in
    J Zhejiang Univ Sci B. 2022 Jun 15;23(6):528. doi: 10.1631/jzus.B17r0516.

OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the comparative therapeutic efficacy of radiofrequency 
ablation (RFA) and hepatic resection (HR) for breast cancer liver metastases 
(BCLMs).
METHODS: Studies that had examined the outcomes for both RFA and HR for BCLM 
were identified by searching the electronic databases PubMed, EMBASE, and the 
Cochrane Library. Pooled analyzes of the overall survival (OS), disease-free 
survival (DFS), and short-term outcomes of BCLM were performed.
RESULTS: Patients with BCLM gained many more survival benefits from HR than from 
RFA with regard to the 3-year OS rate (combined odds ratio (OR) 0.41, 95% 
confidence interval (CI) 0.29-0.59, P<0.001), 5-year OS rate (combined OR 0.38, 
95% CI 0.32-0.46, P<0.001), 3-year DFS (combined OR 0.36, 95% CI 0.27-0.49, 
P<0.001), and 5-year DFS (combined OR 0.51, 95% CI 0.40-0.66, P<0.001). RFA had 
fewer postoperative complications (combined OR 0.30, 95% CI 0.20-0.44, P<0.001) 
and shorter hospital stays (combined OR -9.01, 95% CI -13.49-4.54, P<0.001) than 
HR.
CONCLUSIONS: HR takes precedence over RFA in the treatment of patients with 
BCLM, considering the better survival rate. RFA gives rise to fewer 
complications and can be carried out with a shorter hospital stay, compared to 
HR. RFA should be reserved for patients who are not optimum candidates for 
resection.

DOI: 10.1631/jzus.B1700516
PMCID: PMC6238116
PMID: 30387333 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Compliance with ethics guidelines: Yi-bin XIAO, 
Bo ZHANG, and Yu-lian WU declare that they have no conflict of interest. This 
article does not contain any studies with human or animal subjects performed by 
any of the authors.


984. Clin Cancer Res. 2018 Nov 1;24(21):5489. doi: 10.1158/1078-0432.CCR-18-2878.

Retraction: NRH:Quinone Oxidoreductase 2-Deficient Mice Are Highly Susceptible 
to Radiation-induced B-Cell Lymphomas.

Iskander K, Barrios RJ, Jaiswal AK.

Retraction of
    Clin Cancer Res. 2009 Mar 1;15(5):1534-42. doi: 
10.1158/1078-0432.CCR-08-1783.

DOI: 10.1158/1078-0432.CCR-18-2878
PMCID: PMC6278820
PMID: 30385661


985. Heart Lung Circ. 2019 Jan;28(1):84-101. doi: 10.1016/j.hlc.2018.10.007. Epub 
2018 Oct 19.

Catheter Ablation of VT in Non-Ischaemic Cardiomyopathies: Endocardial, 
Epicardial and Intramural Approaches.

Bhaskaran A(1), Tung R(2), Stevenson WG(3), Kumar S(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cardiology, Westmead Hospital, Sydney, NSW, Australia.
(2)The University of Chicago Medicine, Center for Arrhythmia Care, Pritzker 
School of Medicine, Chicago, IL, USA.
(3)Cardiovascular Division, Department of Medicine, Vanderbilt University 
Medical Center, Nashville, TN, USA.
(4)Department of Cardiology, Westmead Hospital, Sydney, NSW, Australia; Westmead 
Applied Research Centre, University of Sydney, Sydney, NSW, Australia. 
Electronic address: Saurabh.kumar@health.nsw.gov.au.

Non-ischaemic cardiomyopathy (NICM) encompasses a heterogeneous group of 
disorders that includes genetic, idiopathic, post viral and inflammatory 
cardiomyopathies. NICM is associated with an increased risk of ventricular 
arrhythmias (VAs), namely in the form of ventricular tachycardia (VT). Although 
implanted cardiac defibrillators (ICD) may prevent sudden death from VA, NICM 
patients may suffer from recurrent symptoms and ICD therapies, and 
anti-arrhythmic drug side effects. Catheter ablation is highly efficacious in 
NICM, however poses unique challenges when compared to post myocardial 
infarction substrates. NICM substrates are fundamentally different in scar 
location, extent, and transmurality which results in variable electrophysiologic 
properties and less apparent ablation targets during sinus rhythm, compared to 
ischaemic cardiomyopathy. NICM substrates can be intramural and/or epicardial, 
posing challenges to accessibility, which likely accounts for the observed 
higher rates of arrhythmia recurrence following ablation. Substrate location is 
influenced by the underlying aetiology (inflammatory, genetic), and can be 
gleaned from a combination of unique 12-lead electrocardiogram VT patterns, 
distribution of late gadolinium enhancement on cardiac magnetic resonance 
imaging, and electroanatomic voltage mapping. With the high proportion of 
intramural substrate in NICM, novel techniques have become increasingly common 
in recent years, including sequential, simultaneous or bipolar ablation on 
opposite myocardial surfaces to achieve greater lesion depth; use of half normal 
saline for irrigation; use of a novel retractable needle within an endocardial 
catheter; and transcoronary/venous ethanol ablation to target more inaccessible 
regions. Epicardial approaches have also been improved in recent years, with 
advents such as the needle-in-needle technique to reduce the risk of pericardial 
bleeding and phrenic nerve displacement, and hybrid surgical approaches to 
facilitate epicardial access in the presence of adhesions. Non-invasive cardiac 
radiation holds promise for the future. This state-of-the-art review will 
summarise the incidence, mechanism, multimodal assessment and catheter 
ablation-based management of VA in NICM.

Copyright © 2018. Published by Elsevier B.V.

DOI: 10.1016/j.hlc.2018.10.007
PMID: 30385114 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


986. Cell Mol Life Sci. 2019 Feb;76(4):699-728. doi: 10.1007/s00018-018-2956-z. Epub 
2018 Oct 30.

Pathological effects of ionizing radiation: endothelial activation and 
dysfunction.

Baselet B(1)(2), Sonveaux P(2), Baatout S(1)(3), Aerts A(4).

Author information:
(1)Radiobiology Unit, Belgian Nuclear Research Centre (SCK•CEN), Mol, Belgium.
(2)Institute of Experimental and Clinical Research (IREC), Pole of Pharmacology 
and Therapeutics, Université catholique de Louvain (UCL), Brussels, Belgium.
(3)Department of Molecular Biotechnology, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.
(4)Radiobiology Unit, Belgian Nuclear Research Centre (SCK•CEN), Mol, Belgium. 
an.aerts@sckcen.be.

The endothelium, a tissue that forms a single layer of cells lining various 
organs and cavities of the body, especially the heart and blood as well as 
lymphatic vessels, plays a complex role in vascular biology. It contributes to 
key aspects of vascular homeostasis and is also involved in pathophysiological 
processes, such as thrombosis, inflammation, and hypertension. Epidemiological 
data show that high doses of ionizing radiation lead to cardiovascular disease 
over time. The aim of this review is to summarize the current knowledge on 
endothelial cell activation and dysfunction after ionizing radiation exposure as 
a central feature preceding the development of cardiovascular diseases.

DOI: 10.1007/s00018-018-2956-z
PMCID: PMC6514067
PMID: 30377700 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


987. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cell Physiol. 2019 Apr;234(4):3478-3489. doi: 10.1002/jcp.26828. Epub 2018 Oct 
26.

Long noncoding RNA HOTAIR knockdown inhibits autophagy and 
epithelial-mesenchymal transition through the Wnt signaling pathway in 
radioresistant human cervical cancer HeLa cells.

Guo X(1), Xiao H(1), Guo S(2), Li J(3), Wang Y(3), Chen J(3), Lou G(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of General surgery, The Fourth Affiliated Hospital, Harbin Medical 
University, Harbin, Heilongjiang, China.
(2)Department of Clinical Chinese Medicine Integrative With Western Medicine, 
International Education College, Heilongjiang University of Chinese Medicine, 
Harbin, Heilongjiang, China.
(3)Department of Gynecology, Harbin Medical University Cancer Hospital, Harbin, 
Heilongjiang, China.

Retraction in
    J Cell Physiol. 2022 Mar;237(3):1998. doi: 10.1002/jcp.30510.

Cervical cancer is one of the most common female malignancies around the world, 
and radiation resistance is a major obstacle to cancer therapy. Previously, 
overexpression of the long noncoding ribonucleic acid (RNA) (lncRNA) HOX 
transcript antisense RNA (HOTAIR) has been found to be associated with the 
invasion and metastasis capacities of several epithelial cancers, including 
cervical cancer. To gain insights into the molecular mechanisms of HOTAIR in 
cervical cancer resistance to radiotherapy, we investigated cellular autophagy 
and epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in radioresistant human cervical 
cancer HeLa cells when HOTAIR was suppressed. HOTAIR levels were quantified in 
cancerous and noncancerous cervical tissues obtained from 108 patients with 
cervical cancer. Next, we inhibited HOTAIR by RNA interference and activated the 
Wnt signaling pathway by LiCl in radioresistant HeLa cells to investigate the 
regulatory mechanisms for the HOTAIR mediating Wnt signaling pathway. We 
determined that the upregulated HOTAIR may contribute to cervical cancer 
progression. We found that the short interfering ribonucleic acid 
(siRNA)-mediated knockdown of HOTAIR disturbed the Wnt signaling pathway, 
reduced autophagy, inhibited EMT, decreased cell proliferation, and induced 
apoptosis in radioresistant HeLa cells. It is worthy to note that the 
combination treatment of siRNA-HOTAIR and LiCl demonstrated that the activation 
of the Wnt signaling pathway is responsible for the beneficial effect of HOTAIR 
knockdown in enhancing sensitivity to radiotherapy in radioresistant HeLa 
cells. Together, our results revealed an important role of HOTAIR in regulating 
cervical cancer resistance to radiotherapy. Functional suppression of HOTAIR 
could enhance sensitivity to radiotherapy by reduction of autophagy and reversal 
of EMT through the suppression of the Wnt signaling pathway.

© 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/jcp.26828
PMID: 30367473 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


988. J BUON. 2018 Jul-Aug;23(4):1111-1117.

Clinical study of cetuximab combined with radical radiotherapy in the treatment 
of locally advanced sinonasal squamous cell carcinoma.

Qiu X(1), Yang J.

Author information:
(1)Department of Otolaryngology, Head and Neck Surgery, Hanchuan People's 
Hospital, Hanchuan, China.

PURPOSE: To observe the efficacy and side effects of cetuximab combined with 
radical radiotherapy in the treatment of sinonasal squamous cell carcinoma 
(SCC), and to investigate the underlying mechanism of cetuximab.
METHODS: 62 patients with locally advanced sinonasal SCC diagnosed in our 
hospital from January 2013 to January 2014 were enrolled. Cetuximab and radical 
radiotherapy were simultaneously given to patients in the combination group, 
while only radical radiotherapy was given to patients in the radiotherapy group. 
Cetuximab was administered weekly until the end of radiotherapy. Patients 
intolerant to cetuximab or withdrawn the informed consent were excluded. On 
first administration, cetuximab was given i.v. at a dose of 400 mg/m2 for more 
than 120 min, with maximum drop rate of 5 mL/min. Afterwards, cetuximab was 
given i.v. per week at a dose of 250 mg/m2 for more than 60 min.
RESULTS: (1) The objective response rate (ORR) and disease control rate (DCR) in 
the combination group was 77.42% and 93.54%, respectively, while the ORR and DCR 
in the radiotherapy group were only 45.61% and 70.97%, respectively (p<0.05). 
(2) The progression free survival (PFS) and the median overall survival (OS) in 
the combination group were 19.5 and 26.6 months, respectively, while in the 
radiotherapy group were only 13.8 and 18.9 months, respectively (p<0.05). (3) 
The incidence of rash in the combination group was significantly higher than 
that of the radiotherapy group (p<0.05). However, there were no significant 
differences in other adverse reactions between the two groups.
CONCLUSIONS: Combination of cetuximab with radical radiotherapy is safe and 
effective for advanced local sinonasal SCC and improves the survival rate and 
the prognosis of patients with sinonasal SCC.

PMID: 30358219 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


989. World Neurosurg. 2018 Nov;119:530. doi: 10.1016/j.wneu.2018.09.021.

Retraction notice to "Radiation-enhanced hepatocyte growth factor secretion in 
malignant glioma cell lines" [Surgical Neurology 68 (2007) 613-614].

Sheng-Hua C(1), Yan-Bin M(1), Zhi-An Z(1), Hong Z(1), Dong-Fu F(1), Zhi-Qiang 
L(2), Xian-Hou Y(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, No. 3 People's Hospital Affiliated to Shanghai 
Jiao Tong University College of Medicine, Shanghai 201900, ROC China.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Zhongnan Hospital, Wuhan University, Wuhan 
430071, ROC China.

Retraction of
    Surg Neurol. 2007 Dec;68(6):610-613. doi: 10.1016/j.surneu.2006.12.050.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal 
(https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal). This 
article has been retracted at the request of the Editor-in-Chief. The authors 
have plagiarized part of a paper that had already appeared in Journal of 
Neuro-Oncology 74 (2005) 99-103 https://doi.org/10.1007/s11060-004-4204-7. One 
of the conditions of submission of a paper for publication is that authors 
declare explicitly that their work is original and has not appeared in a 
publication elsewhere. Re-use of any data should be appropriately cited. As such 
this article represents a severe abuse of the scientific publishing system. The 
scientific community takes a very strong view on this matter and apologies are 
offered to readers of the journal that this was not detected during the 
submission process.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.wneu.2018.09.021
PMID: 30347583


990. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Proteins. 2018 Feb;86(2):269. doi: 10.1002/prot.24661.

Retraction: Crystal structure of a Baeyer-Villiger flavin-containing 
monooxygenase from Staphylococcus aureus MRSA strain MU50, William C. Hwang, 
Qingping Xu, Bainan Wu, Adam Godzik.

Hwang WC(1)(2), Xu Q(1)(3), Wu B(4), Godzik A(1)(2)(5).

Author information:
(1)Joint Center for Structural Genomics, http://www.jcsg.org, USA
(2)Bioinformatics and Systems Biology Program, Sanford Burnham Medical Research 
Institute, 10901 North Torrey Pines Road, La Jolla, CA 92037, USA
(3)Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource, SLAC National Accelerator 
Laboratory, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA
(4)Infectious and Inflammatory Disease Center, Sanford Burnham Medical Research 
Institute, 10901 North Torrey Pines Road, La Jolla, CA 92037, USA
(5)Center for Research in Biological Systems, University of California, San 
Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093-0446, USA

Retraction in
    10.1002/prot.24661.

The above article from Proteins: Structure, Function, and Bioinformatics, 
published online on 5 August 2014 in Wiley Online Library 
(http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/prot.24661/full), has been retracted 
by agreement between William C. Hwang, Qingping Xu, Bainan Wu, Adam Godzik, the 
Editor‐in‐Chief, Bertrand E. Garcia‐Moreno, and Wiley Periodicals, Inc. The 
retraction has been agreed because submission was made without agreement from 
co‐author Adam Godzik.

DOI: 10.1002/prot.24661
PMCID: PMC5045308
PMID: 30338968


991. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Biol Chem. 2018 Dec 7;293(49):19025-19037. doi: 10.1074/jbc.RA118.003940. Epub 
2018 Oct 16.

Sirtuin 1-mediated deacetylation of XPA DNA repair protein enhances its 
interaction with ATR protein and promotes cAMP-induced DNA repair of UV damage.

Jarrett SG(1)(2), Carter KM(3), Bautista RM(4), He D(3)(5), Wang C(3)(5), 
D'Orazio JA(6)(2)(7).

Author information:
(1)From the Markey Cancer Center and stuart.jarrett@uky.edu.
(2)the Departments of Toxicology and Cancer Biology.
(3)From the Markey Cancer Center and.
(4)Surgery.
(5)Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, and.
(6)From the Markey Cancer Center and jdorazio@uky.edu.
(7)Pediatrics, University of Kentucky College of Medicine, Lexington, Kentucky 
40536.

Retraction in
    J Biol Chem. 2021 Jan-Jun;296:100185. doi: 10.1016/j.jbc.2020.100185.

Expression of concern in
    J Biol Chem. 2020 Oct 9;295(41):14249. doi: 10.1074/jbc.EC120.015927.

Comment in
    Fed Regist. 2022 Aug 11;87(154):49597-49598.

Blunted melanocortin 1 receptor (MC1R) signaling promotes melanocyte genomic 
instability in part by attenuating cAMP-mediated DNA repair responses, 
particularly nucleotide excision repair (NER), which recognizes and clears 
mutagenic photodamage. cAMP-enhanced NER is mediated by interactions between the 
ataxia telangiectasia-mutated and Rad3-related (ATR) and xeroderma pigmentosum 
complementation group A (XPA) proteins. We now report a critical role for 
sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) in regulating ATR-mediated phosphorylation of XPA. SIRT1 
deacetylates XPA at residues Lys-63, Lys-67, and Lys-215 to promote interactions 
with ATR. Mutant XPA containing acetylation mimetics at residues Lys-63, Lys-67, 
and Lys-215 exhibit blunted UV-dependent ATR-XPA interactions even in the 
presence of cAMP signals. ATR-mediated phosphorylation of XPA on Ser-196 
enhances cAMP-mediated optimization of NER and is promoted by SIRT1-mediated 
deacetylation of XPA on Lys-63, Lys-67, and Lys-215. Interference with 
ATR-mediated XPA phosphorylation at Ser-196 by persistent acetylation of XPA at 
Lys-63, Lys-67, and Lys-215 delays repair of UV-induced DNA damage and 
attenuates cAMP-enhanced NER. Our study identifies a regulatory ATR-SIRT1-XPA 
axis in cAMP-mediated regulation melanocyte genomic stability, involving 
SIRT1-mediated deacetylation (Lys-63, Lys-67, and Lys-215) and ATR-dependent 
phosphorylation (Ser-196) post-translational modifications of the core NER 
factor XPA.

© 2018 Jarrett et al.

DOI: 10.1074/jbc.RA118.003940
PMCID: PMC6295715
PMID: 30327428 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest with the contents of this article


992. Cancer Res. 2018 Oct 15;78(20):6028. doi: 10.1158/0008-5472.CAN-18-2386.

Retraction: Down-regulation of Apurinic/Apyrimidinic Endonuclease 1/Redox 
Factor-1 Expression by Soy Isoflavones Enhances Prostate Cancer Radiotherapy In 
vitro and In vivo.

[No authors listed]

Retraction of
    Cancer Res. 2007 Mar 1;67(5):2141-9. doi: 10.1158/0008-5472.CAN-06-2147.

DOI: 10.1158/0008-5472.CAN-18-2386
PMID: 30322962


993. Arch Biochem Biophys. 2018 Oct 11:S0003-9861(18)30611-8. doi: 
10.1016/j.abb.2018.10.004. Online ahead of print.

WITHDRAWN: CRISPR/Cas9 mediated HPV and PD1 inhibition produces a synergistic 
anti-tumor effect on cervical cancer.

Zhen S(1), Lu J(1), Hua L(2), Liu YH(3), Chen W(4), Li X(1).

Author information:
(1)Center for Translational Medicine, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xi'an 
Jiaotong University, Xi'an, China; Key Laboratory for Tumor Precision Medicine 
of Shaanxi Province, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xi'an Jiaotong University, 
Xi'an, China.
(2)Rongchang Campus Southwest University, Chongqing, China.
(3)Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, Beijing Institute of Radiation 
Medicine, Beijing, China.
(4)Center of Laboratory Medicine, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xi'an 
Jiaotong University, Xi'an, China.

This article has been withdrawn at the request of the author(s) and/or editor. 
The Publisher apologizes for any inconvenience this may cause. The full Elsevier 
Policy on Article Withdrawal can be found at 
https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.abb.2018.10.004
PMID: 30315769


994. Lasers Med Sci. 2019 Feb;34(1):157-168. doi: 10.1007/s10103-018-2656-9. Epub 
2018 Oct 8.

Low-power laser alters mRNA levels from DNA repair genes in acute lung injury 
induced by sepsis in Wistar rats.

da Silva Sergio LP(1), Thomé AMC(1), da Silva Neto Trajano LA(2)(3), Vicentini 
SC(4), Teixeira AF(1), Mencalha AL(1), de Paoli F(5), de Souza da Fonseca 
A(6)(7).

Author information:
(1)Departamento de Biofísica e Biometria, Instituto de Biologia Roberto 
Alcantara Gomes, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Avenida 28 de 
Setembro, 87, fundos, Vila Isabel, Rio de Janeiro, 20551030, Brazil.
(2)Laboratório de Pesquisa em Células Tronco, Departamento de Histologia e 
Embriologia, Instituto de Biologia Roberto Alcantara Gomes, Universidade do 
Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Avenida 28 de Setembro, 87, fundos, Vila Isabel, Rio 
de Janeiro, 20551030, Brazil.
(3)Laboratório de Biomorfologia e Patologia Experimental, Mestrado Profissional 
em Diagnóstico Clínico e Laboratorial em Medicina Veterinária, Universidade 
Severino Sombra, Avenida Expedicionário Oswaldo de Almeida Ramos, 280, 
Vassouras, Rio de Janeiro, 27700000, Brazil.
(4)Departamento de Ciências Fisiológicas, Instituto Biomédico, Universidade 
Federal do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Rua Frei Caneca, 94, Rio de Janeiro, 
20211040, Brazil.
(5)Departamento de Morfologia, Instituto de Ciências Biológicas, Universidade 
Federal de Juiz de Fora, Rua José Lourenço Khelmer - s/n, Campus Universitário, 
São Pedro, Juiz de Fora, Minas Gerais, 36036900, Brazil.
(6)Departamento de Biofísica e Biometria, Instituto de Biologia Roberto 
Alcantara Gomes, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Avenida 28 de 
Setembro, 87, fundos, Vila Isabel, Rio de Janeiro, 20551030, Brazil. 
luizphilippesergio@gmail.com.
(7)Laboratório de Biomorfologia e Patologia Experimental, Mestrado Profissional 
em Diagnóstico Clínico e Laboratorial em Medicina Veterinária, Universidade 
Severino Sombra, Avenida Expedicionário Oswaldo de Almeida Ramos, 280, 
Vassouras, Rio de Janeiro, 27700000, Brazil. luizphilippesergio@gmail.com.

Acute lung injury (ALI) is defined as respiratory failure syndrome, in which the 
pathogenesis could occur from sepsis making it a life-threatening disease by 
uncontrolled hyperinflammatory responses. A possible treatment for ALI is the 
use of low-power infrared lasers (LPIL), whose therapeutical effects depend on 
wavelength, power, fluence, and emission mode. The evaluation mRNA levels of 
repair gene related to oxidative damage after exposure to LPIL could provide 
important information about the modulation of genes as treatment for ALI. Thus, 
the aim of this study was to evaluate the mRNA levels from OGG1, APEX1, ERCC2, 
and ERCC1 genes in lung tissue from Wistar rats affected by ALI and after 
exposure to LPIL (808 nm; 100 mW). Adult male Wistar rats (n = 30) were 
randomized into six groups (n = 5, for each group): control, 10 J/cm2 (2 J), 
20 J/cm2 (5 J), ALI, ALI + LPIL 10 J/cm2 and ALI + LPIL 20 J/cm2. ALI was 
induced by intraperitoneal E. coli lipopolysaccharide injection (10 mg/kg). 
Lungs were removed, and samples were withdrawn for total RNA extraction, cDNA 
synthesis, and mRNA levels were evaluated by RT-qPCR. Data normality was 
verified by Kolmogorov-Smirnov, comparisons among groups were by Student's t 
test, Mann-Whitney test, one-way ANOVA, Kruskal-Wallis followed by post-tests. 
Data showed that OGG1 (0.39 ± 0.10), ERCC2 (0.67 ± 0.24), and ERCC1 
(0.60 ± 0.19) mRNA levels are reduced in ALI group when compared with the 
control group (1.00 ± 0.07, 1.03 ± 0.25, 1.01 ± 0.16, respectively) and, after 
LPIL, mRNA relative levels from DNA repair genes are altered when compared to 
non-exposed ALI group. Our research shows that ALI alter mRNA levels from genes 
related to base and nucleotide excision repair genes, suggesting that DNA repair 
is part of cell response to sepsis, and that photobiomodulation could modulate 
the mRNA levels from these genes in lung tissue.

DOI: 10.1007/s10103-018-2656-9
PMID: 30298300 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


995. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Death Differ. 2019 Jan;26(2):382-393. doi: 10.1038/s41418-018-0207-3. Epub 
2018 Oct 3.

Hypoxia-induced autophagy of stellate cells inhibits expression and secretion of 
lumican into microenvironment of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.

Li X(1), Lee Y(2), Kang Y(1), Dai B(1), Perez MR(1), Pratt M(1), Koay EJ(2), Kim 
M(1), Brekken RA(3), Fleming JB(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Surgical Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX, USA.
(2)Division of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX, USA.
(3)Hamon Center of Therapeutic Oncology Research and Division of Surgical 
Oncology, Department of Surgery, University of Texas Southwestern Medical 
Center, Dallas, TX, USA.
(4)Department of Surgical Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX, USA. Jason.Fleming@moffitt.org.
(5)Department of Gastrointestinal Oncology, Moffitt Cancer Center, Tampa, FL, 
USA. Jason.Fleming@moffitt.org.

Retraction in
    Cell Death Differ. 2024 Nov;31(11):1576. doi: 10.1038/s41418-024-01387-2.

Lumican is secreted by pancreatic stellate cells and inhibits cancer 
progression. Extracellular lumican inhibits cancer cell replication and 
restrains growth of early-stage pancreatic adenocarcinoma (PDAC) such that 
patients with tumors containing stromal lumican experience a three-fold longer 
survival after treatment. In the present study, patient tumor tissues, ex-vivo 
cultures of patient-derived xenografts (PDX), PDAC stellate and tumor cells were 
used to investigate whether hypoxia (1% O2) within the tumor microenvironment 
influences stromal lumican expression and secretion. We observed that hypoxia 
significantly reduced lumican expression and secretion from pancreatic stellate 
cells, but not cancer cells. Although hypoxia enhanced lactate dehydrogenase A 
(LDHA) expression and lactate secretion from all cells, neither hypoxia-induced 
nor exogenous lactate influenced lumican expression. Autophagy was induced by 
hypoxia in ex vivo cultures of PDX and pancreatic stellate cells, but not cancer 
cells cultured in 2D. Autophagic flux inhibitors, bafilomycin A1, chloroquine 
diphosphate salt, and ammonium chloride prevented hypoxia-mediated reduction in 
lumican expression in stellate cells. Furthermore, inhibition of AMP-regulated 
protein kinase (AMPK) phosphorylation or hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-1α 
expression within hypoxic stellate cells restored lumican expression levels. 
Hypoxia did not affect lumican mRNA expression, indicating that hypoxia-induced 
reduction of lumican occurs post-transcriptionally; in addition, AMPK inhibition 
prevented hypoxia-reduced phosphorylation of the mTOR/p70S6K/4EBP signaling 
pathway, a key contributor to protein synthesis. Taken together, these findings 
demonstrate that hypoxia reduces stromal lumican in PDAC through 
autophagy-mediated degradation and reduction in protein synthesis within 
pancreatic cancer stellate cells.

DOI: 10.1038/s41418-018-0207-3
PMCID: PMC6329841
PMID: 30283082 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interest.


996. Food Chem Toxicol. 2018 Dec;122:21-32. doi: 10.1016/j.fct.2018.09.067. Epub 2018 
Sep 30.

Impact of obesity on the toxicity of a multi-ingredient dietary supplement, 
OxyELITE Pro™ (New Formula), using the novel NZO/HILtJ obese mouse model: 
Physiological and mechanistic assessments.

Skinner CM(1), Miousse IR(2), Ewing LE(3), Sridharan V(4), Cao M(5), Lin H(6), 
Williams DK(7), Avula B(8), Haider S(9), Chittiboyina AG(10), Khan IA(11), 
ElSohly MA(12), Boerma M(13), Gurley BJ(14), Koturbash I(15).

Author information:
(1)Department of Environmental and Occupational Health, University of Arkansas 
for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, AR, 72205, USA; Center for Dietary Supplement 
Research, University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, AR, 72205, 
USA. Electronic address: CMSkinner@uams.edu.
(2)Department of Environmental and Occupational Health, University of Arkansas 
for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, AR, 72205, USA. Electronic address: 
IRacinemiousse@uams.edu.
(3)Department of Environmental and Occupational Health, University of Arkansas 
for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, AR, 72205, USA; Department of Pharmacology 
and Toxicology, University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, AR, 
72205, USA. Electronic address: LEEwing@uams.edu.
(4)Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of Arkansas for Medical 
Sciences, Little Rock, AR, 72223, USA. Electronic address: 
VMohanseenivasan@uams.edu.
(5)Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of Arkansas for Medical 
Sciences, Little Rock, AR, 72223, USA. Electronic address: MCao@uams.edu.
(6)Department of Environmental and Occupational Health, University of Arkansas 
for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, AR, 72205, USA. Electronic address: 
HLin@uams.edu.
(7)Department of Biostatistics, University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, 
Little Rock, AR, 72205, USA. Electronic address: WilliamsDavidK@uams.edu.
(8)National Center for Natural Product Research, School of Pharmacy, University 
of Mississippi, University, MS, 38677, USA. Electronic address: 
bavula@olemiss.edu.
(9)National Center for Natural Product Research, School of Pharmacy, University 
of Mississippi, University, MS, 38677, USA. Electronic address: 
ssaqlain@olemiss.edu.
(10)National Center for Natural Product Research, School of Pharmacy, University 
of Mississippi, University, MS, 38677, USA. Electronic address: 
amar@olemiss.edu.
(11)National Center for Natural Product Research, School of Pharmacy, University 
of Mississippi, University, MS, 38677, USA. Electronic address: 
ikhan@olemiss.edu.
(12)ElSohly Laboratories, Inc. (ELI), Phyto Chemical Services, Inc. (PSI), 5 
Industrial Park Drive, Oxford, MS 38655, USA. Electronic address: 
melsohly@olemiss.edu.
(13)Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of Arkansas for Medical 
Sciences, Little Rock, AR, 72223, USA; Center for Dietary Supplement Research, 
University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, AR, 72205, USA. 
Electronic address: mboerma@uams.edu.
(14)Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences, University of Arkansas for Medical 
Sciences, Little Rock, AR, 72223, USA; Center for Dietary Supplement Research, 
University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, AR, 72205, USA. 
Electronic address: GurleyBillyJ@uams.edu.
(15)Department of Environmental and Occupational Health, University of Arkansas 
for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, AR, 72205, USA; Center for Dietary Supplement 
Research, University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, Little Rock, AR, 72205, 
USA. Electronic address: IKoturbash@uams.edu.

Herbal dietary supplement (HDS)-induced hepato- and cardiotoxicity is an 
emerging clinical problem. In this study, we investigated the liver and heart 
toxicity of HDS OxyELITE-PRO™ New Formula (OEP-NF), a dietary supplement 
marketed for weight loss and performance enhancement that was recently withdrawn 
from the market. Using a novel NZO/HlLtJ obese mouse model, we demonstrated that 
administration of clinically relevant mouse equivalent doses (MED) of OEP-NF 
produced cardio- and hepatotoxic risks following both short- and long-term 
administration schedules. Specifically, gavaging female NZO/HlLtJ with up to 2X 
MED of OEP-NF resulted in 40% mortality within two weeks. Feeding mice with 
either 1X or 3X MED of OEP-NF for eight weeks, while not exhibiting significant 
effects on body weights, significantly altered hepatic gene expression, 
increased the number of apoptotic and mast cells in the heart and affected 
cardiac function. The degree of toxicity in NZO/HlLtJ mice was higher than that 
observed previously in non-obese CD-1 and B6C3F1 strains, suggesting that an 
overweight/obese condition can sensitize mice to OEP-NF. Adverse health effects 
linked to OEP-NF, together with a number of other hepato- and cardiotoxicity 
cases associated with HDS ingestion, argue strongly for introduction of quality 
standards and pre-marketing safety assessments for multi-ingredient HDS.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.fct.2018.09.067
PMCID: PMC6219625
PMID: 30282009 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


997. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biochim Biophys Acta Mol Cell Res. 2018 Dec;1865(12):1878-1890. doi: 
10.1016/j.bbamcr.2018.09.005. Epub 2018 Sep 15.

RETRACTED: Neuroendocrine differentiation contributes to radioresistance 
development and metastatic potential increase in non-small cell lung cancer.

Zhu R(1), Yang X(2), Xue X(2), Shen M(2), Chen F(3), Chen X(3), Tsai Y(3), Keng 
PC(3), Chen Y(2), Lee SO(4), Chen Y(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY 14642, USA; Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, 
The Second Affiliated Hospital of Soochow University, Suzhou, Jiangsu 215004, PR 
China.
(2)Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, The Second Affiliated Hospital of 
Soochow University, Suzhou, Jiangsu 215004, PR China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY 14642, USA.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY 14642, USA. Electronic address: 
Soook_Lee@urmc.rochester.edu.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY 14642, USA. Electronic address: 
Yuhchyau_Chen@urmc.rochester.edu.

Retraction in
    Biochim Biophys Acta Mol Cell Res. 2021 Oct;1868(11):119097. doi: 
10.1016/j.bbamcr.2021.119097.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal (http://www.elsevier.com/locate/withdrawalpolicy). This article has 
been retracted at the request of the authors and their institute. The BBA 
Editor-in-Chief has agreed to retract the paper. In this paper, there were two 
errors identified to the journal by the authors: The first error was in Western 
blot gel band images of Fig. 4A (p-MAPK, MAPK, p-Erk, and Stat3) and the 8 gel 
band images of Fig. 4G. The second error was in the cell culture images of 
Figures 3F, 3J, and 4E. The authors state that these errors were due to 
uploading mistakes in the preparation of the manuscript. The authors apologize 
for these errors and any inconvenience caused. The Editor-in-Chief initially 
agreed to retract the paper based on the identification of these two errors. 
Readers are able to see further discussion of the paper on the PubPeer site 
here: https://pubpeer.com/publications/569EB2CE7A7335D7F3F8F3FF310936

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.bbamcr.2018.09.005
PMID: 30262435 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


998. Heliyon. 2018 Sep 22;4(9):e00804. doi: 10.1016/j.heliyon.2018.e00804. 
eCollection 2018 Sep.

BACCHUS: A randomised non-comparative phase II study of neoadjuvant chemotherapy 
(NACT) in patients with locally advanced rectal cancer (LARC).

Glynne-Jones R(1), Hall MR(1), Lopes A(2), Pearce S(2), Goh V(3), Bosompem S(4), 
Bridgewater J(5), Chau I(6), Wasan H(7), Moran B(8), Melcher L(9), West NP(10), 
Quirke P(10), Wong WL(11), Beare S(2), Hava N(2), Duggan M(2), Harrison M(1).

Author information:
(1)Radiotherapy Department, Mount Vernon Centre for Cancer Treatment, Mount 
Vernon Hospital, Northwood, UK.
(2)Cancer Research UK & University College London Cancer Trials Centre, London, 
UK.
(3)Division of Imaging Sciences & Biomedical Engineering, Kings College London, 
Department of Radiology, Guy's and St Thomas' Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, 
London, SE1 7EH, UK.
(4)Pharmacy Department, Milton Keynes University Hospital NHS Trust, Milton 
Keynes, United Kingdom.
(5)University College, London Cancer Institute, 72 Huntley St., London, WC1E 
6AA, UK.
(6)Department of Medical Oncology, Royal Marsden Hospital, London & Surrey, UK.
(7)Department of Cancer Medicine, Hammersmith Hospital, Imperial College 
Healthcare NHS Trust, London, UK.
(8)Department of Surgery, Hampshire Hospitals Foundation Trust, Basingstoke, 
Hampshire, UK.
(9)Radiotherapy Department, North Middlesex Hospital, Sterling Way, London, N18 
1QX, UK.
(10)Leeds Institute of Cancer and Pathology, School of Medicine, University of 
Leeds, Leeds, United Kingdom.
(11)Department of Radiology, Paul Strickland Scanner Centre, Mount Vernon Centre 
for Cancer Treatment, Mount Vernon Hospital, Northwood, UK.

BACKGROUND: Chemoradiation (CRT) or short-course radiotherapy (SCRT) are 
standard treatments for locally advanced rectal cancer (LARC). We evaluated the 
efficacy/safety of two neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NACT) regimens as an 
alternative prior to total mesorectal excision (TME).
METHODS/DESIGN: This multi-centre, phase II trial in patients with magnetic 
resonance imaging (MRI) defined high-risk LARC (>cT3b, cN2+ or extramural venous 
invasion) randomised patients (1:1) to FOLFOX + Bevacizumab (Arm 1) or FOLFOXIRI 
+ bevacizumab (Arm 2) every 14 days for 6 cycles prior to surgery. Patients were 
withdrawn if positron emission tomography (PET) standardised uptake value (SUV) 
after 3 cycles failed to decrease by >30% or increased compared to baseline. 
Primary endpoint was pathological complete response rate (pCR). Secondary 
endpoints included adverse events (AE) and toxicity. Neoadjuvant rectal (NAR) 
scores based on "T" and "N" downstaging were calculated.
FINDINGS: Twenty patients aged 18-75 years were randomised. The trial stopped 
early because of poor accrual. Seventeen patients completed all 6 cycles of 
NACT. One stopped due to myocardial infarction, 1 poor response on PET (both 
received CRT) and 1 committed suicide. 11 patients had G3 AE, 1 G4 AE 
(neutropenia), and 1 G5 (suicide). pCR (the primary endpoint) was 0/10 for Arm 1 
and 2/10 for Arm 2 i.e. 2/20 (10%) overall. Median NAR score was 14·9 with 5 
(28%), 7 (39%), and 6 (33%) having low, intermediate, or high scores. Surgical 
morbidity was acceptable (1/18 wound infection, no anastomotic leak/pelvic 
sepsis/fistulae). The 24-month progression-free survival rate was 75% (95% CI: 
60%-85%).
INTERPRETATION: The primary endpoint (pCR rate) was not met. However, FOLFOXIRI 
and bevacizumab achieved promising pCR rates, low NAR scores and was 
well-tolerated. This regimen is suitable for testing as the novel arm against 
current standards of SCRT and/or CRT in a future trial.

DOI: 10.1016/j.heliyon.2018.e00804
PMCID: PMC6151852
PMID: 30258994


999. Mikrochim Acta. 2018 Sep 19;185(10):468. doi: 10.1007/s00604-018-3000-6.

A porous polyaniline nanotube sorbent for solid-phase extraction of the 
fluorescent reaction product of reactive oxygen species in cells, and its 
determination by HPLC.

Niu P(1)(2), Li F(2)(3), Liang X(4), Hou X(1)(2), Lu X(1), Wang X(1), Li Q(3), 
Guo Y(5).

Author information:
(1)CAS Key Laboratory of Chemistry of Northwestern Plant Resource and Key 
Laboratory for Natural Medicine of Gansu Province, Lanzhou Institute of Chemical 
Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Lanzhou, Gansu, 730000, People's Republic 
of China.
(2)University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, 100049, People's Republic 
of China.
(3)Department of Medical Physics, Institute of Modern Physics, Chinese Academy 
of Sciences, Lanzhou, Gansu, 730000, People's Republic of China.
(4)CAS Key Laboratory of Chemistry of Northwestern Plant Resource and Key 
Laboratory for Natural Medicine of Gansu Province, Lanzhou Institute of Chemical 
Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Lanzhou, Gansu, 730000, People's Republic 
of China. xjliang@licp.cas.cn.
(5)CAS Key Laboratory of Chemistry of Northwestern Plant Resource and Key 
Laboratory for Natural Medicine of Gansu Province, Lanzhou Institute of Chemical 
Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Lanzhou, Gansu, 730000, People's Republic 
of China. guoyong@licp.cas.cn.

A method is described for extracting and detecting the fluorescent reaction 
product (2',7'-dichlorofluorescein, DCF) that is formed by reaction of reactive 
oxygen species (ROS) with dichlorodihydrofluorescein diacetate (DCFH-DA). DCF is 
extracted by using porous polyaniline nanotubes (PPN) which have a large 
specific surface and pore volume which favor the adsorption capacity. Additional 
attractive features include an appropriate pore size distribution, hydrophobic 
surface, and electron-attracting groups which contribute to DCF adsorption. A 
variety of methods was applied to characterize the morphology of PPN. Under 
optimal conditions and by performing DCF in 0.08-1.0 μM concentrations, the 
correlation coefficient of the calibration plot is 0.999. The limits of 
detection for standard DCF solutions is 20 nM. Compared with commercial sorbents 
for solid-phase extraction (SPE) such as commercially available carbon or 
Welchrom® C18, the use of the new sorbent results in better retraction recovery 
(92%) and longer reuse times (30 times). Doxorubicin and X-ray radiation were 
used to externally stimulate the ROS production in HepG2 and Hela cells. ROS was 
stabled by DCFH-DA and quantified by DCF. Following SPE, DCF was detected by 
HPLC and the concentration ROS was calculated. Graphical abstract ᅟ.

DOI: 10.1007/s00604-018-3000-6
PMID: 30232631 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1000. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Death Dis. 2018 Sep 11;9(9):915. doi: 10.1038/s41419-018-1002-2.

Identification of protein kinase inhibitors to reprogram breast cancer cells.

Yuan J(1)(2)(3), Zhang F(1), You M(1), Yang Q(4).

Author information:
(1)Cancer Biology Division, Department of Radiation Oncology, Washington 
University School of Medicine, Saint Louis, MO, 63108, USA.
(2)Medical Center of Stomatology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Jinan 
University, 510630, Guangzhou, China.
(3)School of Stomatology, Jinan University, 510630, Guangzhou, China.
(4)Cancer Biology Division, Department of Radiation Oncology, Washington 
University School of Medicine, Saint Louis, MO, 63108, USA. qyang@wustl.edu.

Retraction in
    Cell Death Dis. 2022 Oct 7;13(10):853. doi: 10.1038/s41419-022-05311-9.

Direct reversion of cancers into normal-like tissues is an ideal strategy for 
cancer treatment. Recent reports have showed that defined transcription factors 
can induce reprogramming of cancer cells into pluripotent stem cells, supporting 
this notion. Here, we have developed a reprogramming method that uses a 
conceptually unique strategy for breast cancer cell treatment. We have screened 
a kinase inhibitor library and found that Rho-associated protein kinase (ROCK) 
and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) kinase inhibitors can substitute for 
all transcription factors to be sufficient to reprogram breast cancer cells into 
progenitor cells. Furthermore, ROCK-mTOR inhibitors could reprogram breast 
cancer cells to another terminal lineage-adipogenic cells. Genome-wide 
transcriptional analysis shows that the induced fat-like cells have a profile 
different from breast cancer cells and similar to that of normal adipocytes. In 
vitro and in vivo tumorigenesis assays have shown that induced fat-like cells 
lose proliferation and tumorigenicity. Moreover, reprogramming treatment with 
ROCK-mTOR inhibitors prevents breast cancer local recurrence in mice. Currently, 
ROCK-mTOR inhibitors are already used as antitumor drugs in patients, thus, this 
reprogramming strategy has significant potential to move rapidly toward clinical 
trials for breast cancer treatment.

DOI: 10.1038/s41419-018-1002-2
PMCID: PMC6133942
PMID: 30206213 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1001. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Int J Immunopathol Pharmacol. 2018 Jan-Dec;32:2058738418795940. doi: 
10.1177/2058738418795940.

MicroRNA-145 attenuates IL-6-induced enhancements of sensitivity to UVB 
irradiation by suppressing MyD88 in HaCaT cells.

Dong H(1), Jiang W(1), Chen H(2), Jiang S(2), Zang Y(2), Yu B(2).

Author information:
(1)1 Department of Nephrology, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Qingdao, China.
(2)2 Department of Dermatology, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Qingdao, China.

Retraction in
    Int J Immunopathol Pharmacol. 2021 Jan-Dec;35:20587384211040403. doi: 
10.1177/20587384211040403.

Expression of concern in
    Int J Immunopathol Pharmacol. 2021 Jan-Dec;35:20587384211000842. doi: 
10.1177/20587384211000842.

MicroRNAs (miRNAs/miRs) play vital roles in various immune diseases including 
systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). The current study aimed to assess the role 
of miR-145 in interleukin-6 (IL-6)-treated HaCaT cells under ultraviolet B (UVB) 
irradiation and further explore the potential regulatory mechanism. HaCaT cells 
were pretreated with IL-6 and then exposed to UVB to assess the effect of IL-6 
on sensitivity of HaCaT cells to UVB irradiation. The levels of miR-145 and 
MyD88 were altered by transfection and the transfected efficiency was verified 
by quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction 
(qRT-PCR)/western blot analysis. Cell viability, percentage of apoptotic cells 
and expression levels of apoptosis-related factors were measured by trypan blue 
assay, flow cytometry assay, and western blot analysis, respectively. In 
addition, the levels of c-Jun N-terminal kinases (JNK) and nuclear factor-κB 
(NF-κB) signaling pathway-related factors were assessed by western blot 
analysis. IL-6 treatments significantly aggravated the reduction of cell 
viability and promotion of cell apoptosis caused by UVB irradiation in HaCaT 
cells. Interestingly, miR-145 level was augmented by UVB exposure and miR-145 
mimic alleviated IL-6-induced increase of sensitivity to UVB irradiation in 
HaCaT cells, as dramatically increased cell viability and reduced cell 
apoptosis. Opposite effects were observed in miR-145 inhibitor-transfected 
cells. Meanwhile, MyD88 was negatively regulated by miR-145 and MyD88 mediated 
the regulatory effect of miR-145 on IL-6- and UVB-treated cells. In addition, 
miR-145 mimic inhibited the JNK and NF-κB pathways by down-regulating MyD88. In 
conclusion, the present study demonstrated that miR-145 alleviated IL-6-induced 
increase of sensitivity to UVB irradiation by down-regulating MyD88 in HaCaT 
cells.

DOI: 10.1177/2058738418795940
PMCID: PMC6131290
PMID: 30198366 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of Conflicting Interest: The 
author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the 
research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.


1002. Int J Surg Case Rep. 2018;51:204-209. doi: 10.1016/j.ijscr.2018.08.035. Epub 
2018 Aug 31.

Adenoid cystic carcinoma of the breast: Experience at a tertiary care centre of 
Northern India.

Bhutani N(1), Kajal P(2), Singla S(3).

Author information:
(1)Deptt. of Pathology, PGIMS, Rohtak, Haryana, India. Electronic address: 
namitabhutani89@gmail.com.
(2)Deptt. of Pediatric Surgery, PGIMS, 23/8FM, Medical campus, Rohtak, Haryana, 
India. Electronic address: drpradeepkajal@gmail.com.
(3)Deptt. of Surgery, SGT Medical College, Budheda, Gurgaon, Haryana, India. 
Electronic address: drshamsingla@gmail.com.

INTRODUCTION: Adenoid cystic carcinoma of the breast (breast-ACC) is a rare 
tumor with a favorable prognosis, despite its triple-negative status and special 
type of basal-like tumor for which scant population-based descriptive data 
exist. We sought to provide new population-based information on breast-ACC in 
India. Due to the paucity of the number of cases, the natural history of the 
disease is not fully understood. This study was undertaken to examine the 
clinico-pathological characteristics of the disease and to evaluate the outcome 
of surgical intervention in a tertiary referral care centre.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective analysis of all patients diagnosed and 
treated for ACC Breast in our hospital over the past 10 years was carried out 
(2005-2015). A database of the characteristics of these patients was developed. 
In all, 14 patients were identified. The investigations performed included 
routine blood investigations, chest X-ray, bone scan and either an ultrasound or 
a CT scan.
RESULTS: During the time period of 10 years, of 2347 with breast malignancy 
admitted to our department, only 14 were diagnosed as having ACC (3.15%). All 
patients were women (100%). The patients had a median age of 60.7 years (range 
37-81). The most common symptom was lump in the breast. Two patients (14.2%) 
presented with nipple and skin retraction and two patients (14.2%) were 
asymptomatic with the diagnosis made by an incidental finding on routine 
examination. The CT and/or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed the typical 
features of carcinoma breast. All the 14 patients were taken up for surgery. 
Nine patients underwent Modified radical mastectomy and five patients underwent 
Breast conservation surgery. Axillary lymph node dissection was carried out in 
seven patients and sentinel lymph node biopsy in the remaining. Tumor cells had 
a characteristic histologic pattern of ACC of the breast. Perineural invasion 
was present in six cases.
DISCUSSION: ACC of the breast is a very rare malignancy, accounting for less 
than 0.1% of all breast neoplasms. It affects the left and right breasts equally 
and tumors arise irrespective of the breast quadrants. However, in about 50 
percent of patients, lesions are found in subareolar region. Pain or tenderness 
described in the minority of cases has not been correlated with 
histologically-confirmed perineural invasion. ACC is categorized as a basal-like 
subtype of breast carcinoma. Most cases are macroscopically well-circumscribed. 
Occasionally, pink, tan, or gray microcysts are evident. A tumor typically 
consists of a dual-cell population of luminal and myoepithelial-basal cells 
which may be arranged in one or more of three architectural patterns: 
tubular-trabecular, cribriform, and solid-basaloid. There is no consensus on the 
optimal management for patients with ACC of the breast. Based on its indolent 
clinical course and favorable outcome, ACC of the breast is generally cured by 
breast-conserving surgery, such as wide excision or quadrantectomy with or 
without radiotherapy.
CONCLUSION: Breast-ACC among women is characterized by ER-negative/PR-negative 
expression, rare regional lymph node involvement, a favorable prognosis with 
excellent survival, and absence of associated cancers. These findings reinforce 
the importance of tailored treatments for breast-ACC and the apparent 
heterogeneity of basal-like breast cancers.

Copyright © 2018. Published by Elsevier Ltd.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ijscr.2018.08.035
PMCID: PMC6126082
PMID: 30189404


1003. Cancer Imaging. 2018 Sep 4;18(1):31. doi: 10.1186/s40644-018-0164-6.

Retraction Note: Pre-treatment DWI as a predictor of overall survival in locally 
advanced pancreatic cancer treated with Cyberknife radiotherapy and sequential 
S-1 therapy.

Zhang Y(1), Zhu X(2), Liu D(3), Song J(4), Zhang H(2), Lu J(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Changhai Hospital Affiliated to the Second Military 
Medical University, Changhai Road 168, Yangpu district, Shanghai, 200433, 
People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Oncology Radiation, Changhai Hospital Affiliated to the Second 
Military Medical University, Changhai Road 168, Yangpu district, Shanghai, 
200433, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Orthopedics, No. 113 Hospital of People's Liberation Army, East 
Zhongshan Road 377, Jiangdong District, Ningbo, 315000, People's Republic of 
China.
(4)Department of health statistics, Second Military Medical University, Xiangyin 
Road 800, Yangpu district, Shanghai, 200433, People's Republic of China.
(5)Department of Radiology, Changhai Hospital Affiliated to the Second Military 
Medical University, Changhai Road 168, Yangpu district, Shanghai, 200433, 
People's Republic of China. LDH870118@163.com.

Retraction of
    Cancer Imaging. 2018 Feb 22;18(1):6. doi: 10.1186/s40644-018-0139-7.

The authors have retracted this article because Figs. 2, 3 and 4, as well as 
parts of the text have been previously published [1]. This article is therefore 
redundant. Yu Zhang, Denghui Liu, Jiaqi Song, Huojun Zhang and Jianping Lu agree 
to this retraction. Xiaofei Zhu has not responded to any correspondence from the 
publisher about this retraction.

DOI: 10.1186/s40644-018-0164-6
PMCID: PMC6123899
PMID: 30180889


1004. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Med Phys. 2019 Jan;46(1):414. doi: 10.1002/mp.13166.

Retracted: Magnetic resonance image markers to improve patient-specific 
prediction of IMRT-induced rectal toxicity in prostate cancer patients.

[No authors listed]

Retraction in
    10.1002/mp.13166.

Hamid Abdollahi, Seied Rabi Mahdavi, Shayan Mostafaei, Bahram Mofid, Abolfazl 
Razzaghdoust, Afshin Saadipoor, Mohsen Bakhshandeh, Shahram Teimourian. (2018) 
Magnetic resonance image markers to improve patient-specific prediction of 
IMRT-induced rectal toxicity in prostate cancer patients.1 The above article, 
published online on 4 September 2018 in Wiley Online Library 
(wileyonlinelibrary.com), has been withdrawn by agreement between the authors, 
the journal Editor in Chief, and John Wiley and Sons Ltd. The withdrawal has 
been agreed due to major overlap with a previously published article: Rectal 
Wall MRI Radiomics in Prostate Cancer Patients: Prediction of and Correlation 
with Early Rectal Toxicity in International Journal of Radiation Biology 94:9. 
Published Online 10 September 2018. 
https://doi.org/10.1080/09553002.2018.1492756 Reference 1. Abdollahi H, Mahdavi 
SR, Mostafaei S, et al. Magnetic resonance image markers to improve 
patient-specific prediction of IMRT-induced rectal toxicity in prostate cancer 
patients. Med Phys. 2018. https://doi.org/10.1002/mp.13166.

© 2018 American Association of Physicists in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1002/mp.13166
PMID: 30179263


1005. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2018 Aug;22(16):5140-5148. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_201808_15709.

Correlation study between long non-coding RNA MALAT1 and radiotherapy efficiency 
on cervical carcinoma and generation of radiotherapy resistant model of cancer.

Zhu P(1), Wang FQ, Li QR.

Author information:
(1)Department of Gynaecology and Obstetrics, Jinan Maternal and Child Health 
Hospital, Jinan, Shandong, China. yong82120438@163.com.

Retraction in
    Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2020 Jul;24(14):7564. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202007_22224.

OBJECTIVE: This study aims to construct a radiotherapy model on cervical 
carcinoma cells and to illustrate the correlation between long non-coding RNA 
(lncRNA) metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcription 1 (MALAT1) and 
radiotherapy efficiency.
PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 60 cervical carcinoma patients were recruited, 
and quantitative PCR (qPCR) was employed to detect MALAT1 expression. A 
dosage-time curve helped to construct radiotherapy resistant model on cervical 
carcinoma cell CaSki. Lentivirus transfection was used to silence MALAT1 
expression, followed by quantification of clonal formation, apoptosis, and cycle 
after combined radiotherapy. Bioinformatics tool (miRcode.org), reporter gene 
and qPCR were used to predict microRNA (miR) interaction with MALAT1. By 
combining MALAT1 silencing, miR over-expression and radiotherapy, effects on the 
cervical cancer cell clonal formation, apoptosis, and cycle were observed.
RESULTS: Comparing to radiotherapy sensitive tissues, the MALAT1 level was 
significantly elevated in radiotherapy resistant tissues (0.52 ± 0.18 vs. 1.29 ± 
0.34, p<0.05). MALAT1 expression in cervical carcinoma cell CaSki was further 
elevated with elongated radiation time and dosage (p<0.05). Comparing to 
controlled cells, MALAT1 silencing decreased viable cell percentage, enhanced 
apoptosis, increased G1 phase cells, and decreased G2/M ratio. Bioinformatics, 
reporter gene, and qPCR showed that MALAT1 exerted its roles in cervical 
carcinoma cells via interacting with miR-143, both of which had a significant 
correlation (r=0.77, p<0.01). MALAT1 silencing combined with miR-143 plus 
radiotherapy decreased viable cell percentage, enhanced apoptosis, increased G1 
phase ratio, and decreased S or G2/M cells.
CONCLUSIONS: In cervical carcinoma, MALAT1 can interact with miR-143 to modulate 
tumor cell survival, apoptosis and cell cycle, thus affecting radiotherapy 
efficiency.

DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_201808_15709
PMID: 30178834 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1006. J Cosmet Dermatol. 2018 Oct;17(5):766-769. doi: 10.1111/jocd.12741. Epub 2018 
Aug 26.

Reduction of abdominal skin laxity in women postvaginal delivery using the 
synergistic emission of radiofrequency and targeted pressure energies.

Fritz K(1)(2), Salavastru C(3), Gyurova M(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Dermatology and Laser Center, Landau in der Pfalz, Germany.
(2)Carol Davila University, Bucharest, Romania.
(3)Colentina Clinical Hospital, Bucharest, Romania.
(4)Dermaplus Dermatology Laser and Aesthetic Medical Clinic, Plovdiv, Bulgaria.
(5)Dermatology and Venereology Department, Medical University Plovdiv, Plovdiv, 
Bulgaria.

OBJECTIVE: This study evaluates clinical efficacy of a novel device which uses 
combined emission of radiofrequency and targeted pressure energy, for reduction 
of abdominal skin laxity.
METHODS: This was a multicentric, randomized, parallel group-controlled 
prospective study. Forty-six women 6-36 months after delivery with abdominal 
skin laxity were randomly assigned to Group A or Group B. Group A received four 
treatments with BTL UNISON device (BTL Industries Inc, Boston, MA, USA); and, 
Group B didn't receive any treatments. Skin viscoelasticity was measured using a 
skin analyzer at baseline and 3 months posttreatments. Standardized digital 
photographs were evaluated for the severity of skin laxity. Patient comfort and 
satisfaction were evaluated by standardized questionnaires.
RESULTS: Subjects' weight remained stable. In 95% of treated patients the 
umbilical circumference decreased (average - 1.43 cm, P < 0.0001). The average 
of skin viscoelasticity changes in individual patients totaled + 37.6%/3.29 Mpa 
(retraction time - 62.6 ms/-22.5%; suction pressure + 1.21 Mpa/+13.9%) (all 
P < 0.0001). The overall elasticity improved in 90.9% of patients. The control 
group changes were insignificant. Based on independent photo assessment there 
was an improvement in the degree of skin laxity in 86% of treated patients. The 
average laxity score across all treated patients decreased from 1.79 (moderate 
laxity) at baseline to 1.1 (mild laxity) 3 months posttreatments. Ninety percent 
of treated patients expressed satisfaction with achieved results. Therapy didn't 
cause any pain.
CONCLUSIONS: We conclude the investigated device can significantly reduce signs 
of early postpartum laxity in abdominal area. As such, it is a promising 
alternative to surgical procedures.

© 2018 The Authors. Journal of Cosmetic Dermatology Published by Wiley 
Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1111/jocd.12741
PMID: 30146709 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1007. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2018 Aug 10;11:4711-4721. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S164052. 
eCollection 2018.

miR-497 inhibited proliferation, migration and invasion of thyroid papillary 
carcinoma cells by negatively regulating YAP1 expression.

Cheng H(1), Dong H(1), Feng J(2), Tian H(1), Zhang H(3), Xu L(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pathology, The People's Hospital of Shouguang, Weifang 262700, 
China.
(2)Department of Radiology, The People's Hospital of Shouguang, Weifang 262700, 
China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, The People's Hospital of Shouguang, Weifang 
262700, China.
(4)Department of Respiratory Medicine, The People's Hospital of Weifang, Weifang 
262700, China, xulina245@163.com.

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2023 Jan 19;16:47-48. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S405151.

PURPOSE: This article aimed to investigate the effect of miR-497 on thyroid 
papillary carcinoma.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: miR-497 expression was analyzed using The Cancer Genome 
Atlas. A total of 56 papillary thyroid carcinoma patients' tumor tissues and 
normal tissues were collected. Nthy-ori 3-1 and K1 cells were cultured. K1 cells 
were also transfected. Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and 
Western blot were used to detect miR-497 and yes-associated protein 1 (YAP1) 
expression. Luciferase reporter assay was performed. MTT and Transwell assay 
were conducted to measure cells' proliferation, migration and invasion. 
Immunofluorescence detection was used to detect YAP1-positive cells.
RESULTS: miR-497 was downregulated, while YAP1 was upregulated in thyroid 
papillary carcinoma tissues and K1 cells (P<0.05). Compared with the negative 
control group, the OD495 value and the migrating and invasive cell number were 
significantly lower in miR-497 mimics group and significantly higher in miR-497 
inhibitor group (P<0.05). YAP1 was the target gene of miR-497. Compared with 
blank group, the OD495 value and the migrating and invasive cell number were 
significantly lower in si-YAP1 group and significantly higher in miR-497 
inhibitor group (P<0.05), while no significant difference was found between 
si-YAP1+inhibitors group and blank group in these indicators.
CONCLUSION: miR-497 regulated the proliferation, migration and invasion of K1 
cells by negatively regulating YAP1 expression.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S164052
PMCID: PMC6091470
PMID: 30127619

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure The authors report no conflicts of 
interest in this work.


1008. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Cell Proteomics. 2018 Nov;17(11):2132-2145. doi: 10.1074/mcp.RA118.000792. 
Epub 2018 Aug 2.

Identification of Tumor Antigens Among the HLA Peptidomes of Glioblastoma Tumors 
and Plasma.

Shraibman B(1), Barnea E(1), Kadosh DM(1), Haimovich Y(1), Slobodin G(2), Rosner 
I(2), López-Larrea C(3), Hilf N(4), Kuttruff S(4), Song C(4), Britten C(5)(6), 
Castle J(5), Kreiter S(5), Frenzel K(5), Tatagiba M(7), Tabatabai G(7), Dietrich 
PY(8), Dutoit V(8), Wick W(9), Platten M(9), Winkler F(9), von Deimling A(9), 
Kroep J(10), Sahuquillo J(11), Martinez-Ricarte F(11), Rodon J(11), Lassen 
U(12), Ottensmeier C(13), van der Burg SH(10)(6), Thor Straten P(12), Poulsen 
HS(14), Ponsati B(15), Okada H(16), Rammensee HG(7), Sahin U(5), Singh H(4), 
Admon A(17).

Author information:
(1)From the ‡Biology, Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa 32000, 
Israel.
(2)§Rheumatology Unit Bnai Zion Medical Center, Haifa 31048, Israel.
(3)¶Hospital Universitario Central de Asturias, 33011 Oviedo, Asturias, Spain.
(4)‖Immatics Biotechnologies GmbH, Paul-Ehrlich-Str. 15,72076 Tuebingen, 
Germany.
(5)**BioNTech AG, Holderlinstr. 8,55131 Mainz, Germany.
(6)¶¶¶Association for Cancer Immunotherapy (CIMT), Langenbeckstr. 1,55131 Mainz, 
Germany.
(7)‡‡Eberhard Karls Universität Tübingen, Department of Immunology, Auf der 
Morgenstelle 15,72076 Tubingen, Germany.
(8)§§Université de Genève, Rue Gabrielle Perret Gentil 4; 1211 Geneve 14, 
Switzerland.
(9)¶¶Heidelberg University Medical Center, Im Neuenheimer Feld 672, D-69120 
Heidelberg, Germany.
(10)‖‖Leiden University Medical Center, Department of Medical Oncology, 
Albinusdreef 2, 2333 ZA Leiden, The Netherlands.
(11)***Vall d'Hebron University Hospital, Institut Catala de la Salut, Pg. Vall 
d'Hebron 119-129, 08035 Barcelona, Spain.
(12)‡‡‡Region Hovedstaden (Center for Cancer Immune Therapy (CCIT), Herlev 
Hospital, Herlev Ringvej 75, DK-2730, Copenhagen, Denmark.
(13)§§§Cancer Sciences Division, Faculty of Medicine, University of Southampton, 
Southampton, UK.
(14)‖‖‖Rigshospitalet, Departments of Radiation Biology and Oncology, 
Rigshospitalet 9, Blegdamsvej, DK-2100, Copenhagen, Denmark.
(15)****BCN Peptides, Pol. Ind. Els Vinyets-Els Fogars II. 08777 Sant Quinti de 
Mediona (Barcelona), Spain.
(16)‡‡‡‡University of California, San Francisco, CA 94131 USA.
(17)From the ‡Biology, Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa 32000, 
Israel; admon@technion.ac.il.

Retraction in
    Mol Cell Proteomics. 2019 Jun;18(6):1270. doi: 10.1074/mcp.W119.001571.

Retracted and republished in
    Mol Cell Proteomics. 2019 Jun;18(6):1255-1268. doi: 
10.1074/mcp.RA119.001524.

Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) is the most aggressive brain tumor with poor 
prognosis to most patients. Immunotherapy of GBM is a potentially beneficial 
treatment option, whose optimal implementation may depend on familiarity with 
tumor specific antigens, presented as HLA peptides by the GBM cells. 
Furthermore, early detection of GBM, such as by a routine blood test, may 
improve survival, even with the current treatment modalities. This study 
includes large-scale analyses of the HLA peptidome (immunopeptidome) of the 
plasma-soluble HLA molecules (sHLA) of 142 plasma samples, and the membranal HLA 
of GBM tumors of 10 of these patients' tumor samples. Tumor samples were 
fresh-frozen immediately after surgery and the plasma samples were collected 
before, and at multiple visits after surgery. In total, this HLA peptidome 
analysis involved 52 different HLA allotypes and resulted in the identification 
of more than 35,000 different HLA peptides. Strong correlations were observed in 
the signal intensities and in the repertoires of identified peptides between the 
tumors and plasma-soluble HLA peptidomes of the individual patients, whereas low 
correlations were observed between these HLA peptidomes and the tumors' 
proteomes. HLA peptides derived from Cancer/Testis Antigens (CTAs) were selected 
based on their presence among the HLA peptidomes of the patients and absence of 
expression of their source genes from any healthy and essential human tissues, 
except from immune-privileged sites. Additionally, peptides were selected as 
potential biomarkers if their levels in the plasma-sHLA peptidome were 
significantly reduced after the removal of tumor mass. The CTAs identified among 
the analyzed HLA peptidomes provide new opportunities for personalized 
immunotherapy and for early diagnosis of GBM.

© 2018 Shraibman et al.

DOI: 10.1074/mcp.RA118.000792
PMCID: PMC6210219
PMID: 30072578 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1009. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Exp Clin Cancer Res. 2018 Aug 2;37(1):181. doi: 10.1186/s13046-018-0857-5.

Reprogramming glioblastoma multiforme cells into neurons by protein kinase 
inhibitors.

Yuan J(1)(2)(3), Zhang F(1), Hallahan D(1), Zhang Z(4), He L(4), Wu LG(4), You 
M(1), Yang Q(5).

Author information:
(1)Cancer Biology Division, Department of Radiation Oncology, Washington 
University School of Medicine, 4511 Forest Park, St. Louis, MO, 63108, USA.
(2)Medical Center of Stomatology, the First Affiliated Hospital of Jinan 
University, Guangzhou, 510630, China.
(3)School of Stomatology, Jinan University, Guangzhou, 510630, China.
(4)Synaptic Transmission Section, National Institute of Neurological Disorders 
and Stroke, Bethesda, MD, 20892, USA.
(5)Cancer Biology Division, Department of Radiation Oncology, Washington 
University School of Medicine, 4511 Forest Park, St. Louis, MO, 63108, USA. 
qyang@wustl.edu.

Retraction in
    J Exp Clin Cancer Res. 2021 Nov 18;40(1):368. doi: 
10.1186/s13046-021-02172-6.

BACKGROUND: Reprogramming of cancers into normal-like tissues is an innovative 
strategy for cancer treatment. Recent reports demonstrate that defined factors 
can reprogram cancer cells into pluripotent stem cells. Glioblastoma multiforme 
(GBM) is the most common and aggressive malignant brain tumor in humans. Despite 
multimodal therapy, the outcome for patients with GBM is still poor. Therefore, 
developing novel therapeutic strategy is a critical requirement.
METHODS: We have developed a novel reprogramming method that uses a conceptually 
unique strategy for GBM treatment. We screened a kinase inhibitor library to 
find which candidate inhibitors under reprogramming condition can reprogram GBM 
cells into neurons. The induced neurons are identified whether functional and 
loss of tumorigenicity.
RESULTS: We have found that mTOR and ROCK kinase inhibitors are sufficient to 
reprogram GBM cells into neural-like cells and "normal" neurons. The induced 
neurons expressed neuron-specific proteins, generated action potentials and 
neurotransmitter receptor-mediated currents. Genome-wide transcriptional 
analysis showed that the induced neurons had a profile different from GBM cells 
and were similar to that of control neurons induced by established methods. In 
vitro and in vivo tumorigenesis assays showed that induced neurons lost their 
proliferation ability and tumorigenicity. Moreover, reprogramming treatment with 
ROCK-mTOR inhibitors prevented GBM local recurrence in mice.
CONCLUSION: This study indicates that ROCK and mTOR inhibitors-based 
reprogramming treatment prevents GBM local recurrence. Currently ROCK-mTOR 
inhibitors are used as anti-tumor drugs in patients, so this reprogramming 
strategy has significant potential to move rapidly toward clinical trials.

DOI: 10.1186/s13046-018-0857-5
PMCID: PMC6090992
PMID: 30071868 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


1010. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Physiol Biochem. 2018;48(4):1505-1518. doi: 10.1159/000492260. Epub 2018 
Aug 2.

HDAC1 Silencing in Ovarian Cancer Enhances the Chemotherapy Response.

Liu X(1), Yu Y(2), Zhang J(2), Lu C(3), Wang L(3), Liu P(4), Song H(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nuclear Medicine, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao 
University, Qingdao, China.
(2)Department of Thyroid Surgery, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Qingdao, China.
(3)Department of Gynaecology, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Qingdao, China.
(4)Institute of Pathology and Southwest Cancer Center, Third Military Medical 
University, Chongqing, China.
(5)Department of Radiotherapy, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Qingdao, China.

Retraction in
    Cell Physiol Biochem. 2024 Apr 30;58(2):199. doi: 10.33594/000000698.

BACKGROUND/AIMS: Cisplatin-based treatment is first-line chemotherapy for 
several cancers including ovarian cancer. The development of cisplatin 
resistance results in treatment failure, but the underlying mechanisms are not 
fully understood. Histone deacetylases (HDACs) are a large family of enzymes 
that deacetylate lysine residues on histones and non-histone proteins. High 
expression of HDAC1 is associated with poor outcomes in ovarian cancer. 
Furthermore, resistance to chemotherapeutic agents is associated with HDAC1 
overexpression in ovarian cancer cells. The goals of this study were to 
determine whether targeting HDAC1 can sensitize ovarian cancer cells to 
cisplatin and to explore the underlying mechanisms.
METHODS: Small interfering RNA (siRNA)-targeting HDAC1 was designed to silence 
HDAC1 in the cisplatin-resistant ovarian cancer cell line A2780CDDP and its 
cisplatin-sensitive cell line A2780. The effects of targeting HDAC1 on cell 
viability assay, colony formation, and apoptosis were detected. c-Myc 
re-expression or miR-34a inhibitors were used to examine the relationship among 
HDAC1, c-Myc, and miR-34a expression, which was assessed by western blot 
analysis and quantitative reverse transcription PCR. We established stable 
transfectants of A2780CDDP/HDAC1 short hairpin RNA (shRNA) and A2780/HDAC1 
shRNA. The therapeutic effectiveness of cisplatin in murine xenograft models was 
assessed following shRNA-mediated HDAC1 silencing in A2780CDDP and A2780 cells. 
The mechanism of cell death was studied in tumor sections obtained from 
different mouse tumors.
RESULTS: In cisplatin-resistant A2780CDDP cells, HDAC1 knockdown by siRNA 
suppressed cell proliferation, and increased apoptosis and chemosensitivity by 
downregulating c-Myc and upregulating miR-34a. In cisplatin-sensitive A2780 
cells, HDAC1 knockdown did not affect cell proliferation and apoptosis. 
Cisplatin treatment activated HDAC1 and c-Myc and inactivated miR-34a. 
Inhibition of HDAC1 with siRNA reduced c-Myc expression, increased miR-34a 
expression, and sensitized A2780 cells to cisplatin-induced apoptosis. c-Myc 
re-expression or miR-34a targeting by miR-34a inhibitors protected cells from 
apoptosis or reversed cisplatin resistance following HDAC1 knockdown or/and 
cisplatin exposure. Finally, in vivo studies showed that targeting HDAC1 
inhibited A2780CDDP-induced xenograft tumor growth but not A2780-induced 
xenograft tumor growth. Targeting HDAC1 sensitized both A2780- and 
A2780CDDP-induced xenograft tumors to cisplatin treatment.
CONCLUSIONS: Upregulation of HDAC1 is a crucial event in the development of drug 
resistance to current treatments in ovarian cancer. Thus, targeting HDAC1 by 
enhancing c-Myc-dependent miR-34a expression might be an effective strategy for 
increasing the efficacy of cisplatin treatment.

© 2018 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.

DOI: 10.1159/000492260
PMID: 30071534 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1011. Br J Ophthalmol. 2019 Jun;103(6):826-830. doi: 10.1136/bjophthalmol-2018-312546. 
Epub 2018 Jul 26.

Conservative treatment of diffuse infiltrating retinoblastoma: optical coherence 
tomography-assisted diagnosis and follow-up in three consecutive cases.

Stathopoulos C(1), Moulin A(1), Gaillard MC(1), Beck-Popovic M(2), Puccinelli 
F(3), Munier FL(4).

Author information:
(1)Jules-Gonin Eye Hospital, Fondation Asile des Aveugles, University of 
Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland.
(2)Unit of Pediatric Hematology-Oncology, Centre Hospitalier Universitaire 
Vaudois, Lausanne, Switzerland.
(3)Interventional Neuroradiology Unit, Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Vaudois, 
Lausanne, Switzerland.
(4)Jules-Gonin Eye Hospital, Fondation Asile des Aveugles, University of 
Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland Francis.Munier@fa2.ch.

BACKGROUND/AIMS: To report conservative therapy in diffuse infiltrating 
retinoblastoma (DIR) and describe specific optic coherence tomography (OCT) 
features of the tumour.
METHODS: Retrospective review of all DIR cases treated conservatively between 
1998 and 2012.
RESULTS: Three patients (three eyes) were included, cases 1 and 3 with previous 
enucleation of the contralateral eye and case 2 with unilateral retinoblastoma 
referred after prior pars plana vitrectomy with silicone oil. Mean age at 
diagnosis was 7 years (range 14 months-14 years). Globe and vision preservation 
(Snellen visual acuity of 12.5/10) was achieved in case 3 with a recurrence-free 
follow-up of 33 months after first-line thermotherapy followed by salvage 
intra-arterial chemotherapy (IAC) plus focal treatments. Cases 1 and 2 were 
enucleated for progressive disease, case 1 after first-line intravenous 
chemotherapy (IVC) consolidated by focal therapies and salvage treatments given 
over 8 years of partial remission and case 2 after IAC, brachytherapy and 
intracameral chemotherapy. Neither showed any high-risk histopathological 
features, and no adjuvant chemotherapy was necessary. Both patients are alive 
without metastasis (mean follow-up of >10 years). Pathognomonic features of the 
tumour were revealed by OCT in all cases, showing infiltration of the ganglion 
cell layer and horizontal growth over the inner plexiform layer. Complete 
restoration of the retinal microanatomy was documented after retraction of the 
tumour following IVC in case 2 and IAC in case 3.
CONCLUSION: This is the first report of successful conservative management in 
DIR. OCT enabled diagnosis, delimitation of the tumour margins and monitoring of 
the treatment response in this context.

© Author(s) (or their employer(s)) 2019. No commercial re-use. See rights and 
permissions. Published by BMJ.

DOI: 10.1136/bjophthalmol-2018-312546
PMID: 30049803 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: None declared.


1012. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Res Int. 2018 Jun 26;2018:8481243. doi: 10.1155/2018/8481243. eCollection 
2018.

Positive Effects against UV-A Induced Damage and Oxidative Stress on an In Vitro 
Cell Model Using a Hyaluronic Acid Based Formulation Containing Amino Acids, 
Vitamins, and Minerals.

Stellavato A(1), Pirozzi AVA(1), Donato S(2)(3), Scognamiglio I(1), Reale S(1), 
Di Pardo A(3), Filosa S(2)(3), Vassallo V(1), Bellia G(4), De Rosa M(1), 
Schiraldi C(1).

Author information:
(1)Università della Campania Luigi Vanvitelli (ex Second University of Naples), 
Department of Experimental Medicine, Section of Biotechnology, Medical Histology 
and Molecular Biology, Via Luigi De Crecchio No. 7, 80138 Naples, Italy.
(2)Institute of Biosciences and BioResources-CNR, UOS Naples, Italy.
(3)IRCCS Neuromed, Pozzilli, Italy.
(4)IBSA Farmaceutici Italia Srl, Lodi, Italy.

Retraction in
    Biomed Res Int. 2021 Feb 18;2021:1975827. doi: 10.1155/2021/1975827.

Ultraviolet (UV) radiations are responsible for skin photoaging inducing 
alteration of the molecular and cellular pathways resulting in dryness and 
reduction of skin elasticity. In this study, we investigated, in vitro, the 
antiaging and antioxidant effects of hyaluronan formulations based hydrogel. 
Skinkò E, an intradermic formulation composed of hyaluronic acid (HA), minerals, 
amino acids, and vitamins, was compared with the sole HA of the same size. For 
this purpose, HaCaT cells were subjected to UV-A radiations and H2O2 exposure 
and then treated with growth medium (CTR) combined with M-HA or Skinkò E to 
evaluate their protective ability against stressful conditions. Cells reparation 
was evaluated using a scratch in vitro model and Time-Lapse Video Microscopy. A 
significant protective effect for Skinkò E was shown with respect to M-HA. In 
addition, Skinkò E increased cell reparation. Therefore, NF-kB, SOD-2, and HO-1 
were significantly reduced at the transcriptional and protein level. 
Interestingly, γ-H2AX and protein damage assay confirmed the protection by 
hyaluronans tested against oxidative stress. G6pdΔ ES cell line, highly 
susceptible to oxidative stress, was used as a further cellular model to assess 
the antioxidant effect of Skinkò E. Western blotting analyses showed that the 
treatment with this new formulation exerts marked antioxidant action in cells 
exposed to UV-A and H2O2. Thus, the protective and reparative properties of 
Skinkò E make it an interesting tool to treat skin aging.

DOI: 10.1155/2018/8481243
PMCID: PMC6038662
PMID: 30046611 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1013. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Artif Cells Nanomed Biotechnol. 2018;46(sup3):S192-S207. doi: 
10.1080/21691401.2018.1489826. Epub 2018 Jul 23.

Impact of ultrasonication techniques on the preparation of novel 
Amiloride-nanoemulsion used for intranasal delivery in the treatment of 
epilepsy.

Ahmad N(1), Ahmad R(2), Alam MA(3), Ahmad FJ(4), Amir M(2).

Author information:
(1)a Department of Pharmaceutics, College of Clinical Pharmacy , Imam 
Abdulrahman Bin Faisal University , Dammam , Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
(2)b Department of Natural Products and Alternative Medicine, College of 
Clinical Pharmacy , Imam Abdulrahman Bin Faisal University , Dammam , Kingdom of 
Saudi Arabia.
(3)c Department of Pharmaceutics, School of Medical and Allied Sciences , 
Galgotias University , Gautam Budh Nagar , Greater Noida , India.
(4)d Nanomedicine Lab , Department of Pharmaceutics, School of Pharmaceutical 
Education and Research , Jamia Hamdard, Hamdard Nagar , New Delhi , India.

Retraction in
    Artif Cells Nanomed Biotechnol. 2020 Dec;48(1):1329. doi: 
10.1080/21691401.2020.1842980.

AIM: To develop a nanoemulsion-nanoformulation in order to enhance brain 
bioavailability for Amiloride (Amilo) via intranasal (i.n.) drug delivery in the 
brain.
MATERIAL AND METHODS: Oleic Acid, Tween-20 and Carbitol were selected as oil, 
surfactant and co-surfactant, respectively. For nanoemulsion preparation, an 
aqueous micro titration method followed by a high energy ultra-sonication method 
was used whereas three-factor three-level central composite design was employed 
to get the best formulation. The independent variables selected for the 
optimization were %oil, % Surfactant and co-surfactant (Smix) and sonication 
time (seconds).
RESULTS: Based on the constraints applied for independent and dependent 
variables, the optimized formulation was selected with 2.5% oil, 10% Smix and a 
sonication time of 45 s. The experimental values observed for dependent 
variables such as hydrodynamic diameter (nm), % transmittance and % cumulative 
drug release were found to be 89.36 ± 11.18 nm, 99.23 ± 0.84% and 80.36 ± 5.48%, 
respectively. Results showed; a spherical shape (transmission electron 
microscopy and scanning electron microscopy - assisted morphological 
characterization), polydispersity index (0.231 ± 0.018), zeta potential 
(-9.83 ± 0.12 mV), refractive index (1.38 ± 0.042), viscosity (41 ± 5 cp), pH 
(6.4 ± 0.18) and drug content of 98.28 ± 0.29%, for optimized 
Amiloride-loaded-Nanoemulsion (Amilo-NE). For bioavailability evaluation, 
ultra-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectroscopy based bioanalytical 
method was developed and validated for pharmacokinetics, biodistribution, 
brain-targeting efficiency (1992.67 ± 45.63%) and nose-to-brain transport 
(586.18 ± 11.63%) whereby an enhanced Amilo-brain bioavailability was observed 
as compared to intravenous administration (i.v.). Furthermore, Amilo-NE enhanced 
the treatment in seizure threshold i.e. both rodent models of epilepsy 
(increasing current electroshock and pentylenetetrazole) induced seizures in 
mice.
CONCLUSION: A significant role of Amilo-NE as observed after high targeting 
potential and efficiency of the formulation supports the easy brain targeting 
for Amilo-NE.

DOI: 10.1080/21691401.2018.1489826
PMID: 30032652 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1014. Acta Gastroenterol Belg. 2018 Apr-Jun;81(2):358.

WITHDRAWN: A single center experience in resectable pancreatic ductal 
adenocarcinoma : the limitations of the surgery-first approach. Critical review 
of the literature and proposals for practice update.

Dumont R(1), Puleo F(2), Collignon J(1), Meurisse N(3), Chavez M(4), Seidel 
L(5), Gast P(1), Polus M(1), Loly C(1), Delvenne P(6), Meunier P(7), Hustinx 
R(7), Deroover A(3), Detry O(3), Louis E(1), Martinive P(8), Van Daele D(1).

Author information:
(1)Gastroenterology and Medical Oncology, Digestive Oncology Clinic, CHU Sart 
Tilman, Liège, Belgium.
(2)Digestive Oncology, Jules Bordet Institute, ULB, Brussels, Belgium.
(3)Digestive Surgery, CHU Sart Tilman, Liège, Belgium.
(4)Clinical Hematology, CHU Sart Tilman, Liège, Belgium.
(5)Biostatistics, SIME, CHU Sart Tilman, Liège, Belgium.
(6)Anatomopathology, CHU Sart Tilman, Liège, Belgium.
(7)Medical Imaging, CHU Sart Tilman, Liège, Belgium.
(8)Radiotherapy, CHU Sart Tilman, Liège, Belgium.

Retraction of
    Acta Gastroenterol Belg. 2017 Oct-Dec;80(4):451-461.

The article has been withdrawn at the request of the authors and editor because 
of incorrect authorship, which is considered a form of unethical publication. 
The Publisher apologizes for any inconvenience this may cause.

PMID: 30024718


1015. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Small. 2018 Aug;14(34):e1801967. doi: 10.1002/smll.201801967. Epub 2018 Jul 18.

Shrinkable Nanotubes for Duplex Formation of Short Nucleotides.

Kameta N(1), Akiyama H(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Materials and Chemistry, Nanomaterials Research Institute, 
National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology (AIST), Tsukuba 
Central 5, 1-1-1 Higashi, Tsukuba, Ibaraki, 305-8565, Japan.
(2)Department of Materials and Chemistry, Research Institute for Sustainable 
Chemistry, AIST, Tsukuba Central 5, 1-1-1 Higashi, Tsukuba, Ibaraki, 305-8565, 
Japan.

Retraction in
    Small. 2024 Oct;20(42):e2407081. doi: 10.1002/smll.202407081.

Molecular monolayer nanotubes produced by self-assembly of an amphiphile 
modified with a 2-nitrobenzyl group as a photoresponsive unit are able to 
encapsulate dinucleotides via electrostatic attraction. Upon photoirradiation, 
the 18 nm inner diameter of the nanotubes shrinks to less than 2 nm as a result 
of photochemical cleavage of the 2-nitrobenzyl group in the amphiphile. This 
shrinking of the nanotube channels leads to a propulsive release of the 
dinucleotides into the bulk solution and simultaneously accelerates formation of 
the dinucleotide duplexes. The larger nanotube channels without photoirradiation 
merely release each dinucleotide into the bulk solution, indicating that the 
squeezing via transportation in the narrow nanotube channels is necessary for 
duplex formation. In addition to the size effect, water with a lower polarity 
confined within the narrow nanotube channels helps to stabilize the 
energetically unfavorable hydrogen-bonded base pair between the dinucleotides. 
This system should enable researchers to perform biological reactions that occur 
only in specific environments and conditions in living organisms.

© 2018 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.

DOI: 10.1002/smll.201801967
PMID: 30019846 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1016. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Physiol Biochem. 2018;48(1):304-316. doi: 10.1159/000491730. Epub 2018 Jul 
17.

Regulation of Apoptosis and Radiation Sensitization in Lung Cancer Cells via the 
Sirt1/NF-κB/Smac Pathway.

Ji K, Sun X, Liu Y, Du L, Wang Y, He N, Wang J, Xu C, Liu Q.

Retraction in
    Cell Physiol Biochem. 2024 Apr 30;58(2):198. doi: 10.33594/000000697.

BACKGROUND/AIMS: SirT1, a conserved NAD+-dependent deacetylase, has been 
implicated in modulating cell survival and stress responses, and it appears to 
play an important role in tumorigenesis and cancer resistance to 
chemoradiotherapy. The mechanism of SirT1 in cancer chemoradiotherapy remains to 
be further elucidated, which could provide potential targets for cancer therapy.
METHODS: We performed colony formation, immunofluorescence microscopy, flow 
cytometry, RNA interference, and western blotting assays to determine whether 
SirT1 regulates radiation sensitization and which mechanisms and/or pathways it 
takes in lung cancer cell lines A549 and H460.
RESULTS: Initially, the expression of SirT1 was found to be negatively 
correlated with radiosensitivity in lung cancer cell lines A549 and H460. RNA 
interference with siSirT1 against SirT1 specifically reduced SirT1 expression 
and induced radiosensitivity both in A549 and H460 cell lines. In contrast, the 
radiosensitivity was significantly reduced once SirT1 was activated by 
resveratrol. Immunofluorescence assay and apoptosis analysis indicated that the 
effect of SirT1 on the radiosensitivity observed in the A549 and H460 cell lines 
was mainly achieved by regulating DNA damage repair and apoptosis processes. 
Furthermore, the expression of SirT1 negatively modulated the expression of 
apoptosis-related protein NF-κB and its downstream regulator of Smac.
CONCLUSION: Our results indicate that SirT1 regulates apoptosis and radiation 
sensitization in lung cancer cell lines A549 and H460 via the SirT1/NF-κB/Smac 
pathway.

© 2018 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.

DOI: 10.1159/000491730
PMID: 30016782 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1017. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Int J Nanomedicine. 2018 Jul 4;13:3907-3920. doi: 10.2147/IJN.S166200. 
eCollection 2018.

Phase-shift, targeted nanoparticles for ultrasound molecular imaging by low 
intensity focused ultrasound irradiation.

Li M(1)(2), Luo H(3), Zhang W(1), He K(4), Chen Y(3), Liu J(2), Chen J(5), Wang 
D(1), Hao L(2), Ran H(2), Zheng Y(2), Wang Z(2), Li P(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Ultrasound, The First Affiliated Hospital, Chongqing Medical 
University, Chongqing 400016, China.
(2)Institute of Ultrasound Imaging, Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing 
400010, China, wzg62942443@163.com; cqlipan@163.com.
(3)Chongqing Protein way Biotechnology Co., Ltd., Chongqing 400039, China.
(4)The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou, 519000, 
China.
(5)Hunan Key Laboratory of Skin Cancer and Psoriasis, Changsha, 410008, China.

Erratum in
    Int J Nanomedicine. 2020 Aug 24;15:6325. doi: 10.2147/IJN.S276536.

Retraction in
    Int J Nanomedicine. 2022 Jun 27;17:2751-2752. doi: 10.2147/IJN.S379575.

PURPOSE: Ultrasound (US) molecular imaging provides a non-invasive way to 
visualize tumor tissues at molecular and cell levels and could improve 
diagnosis. One problem of using US molecular imaging is microbubbles challenges, 
including instability, short circulation time, and poor loading capacity and 
penetrability. It is urgent to design new acoustic contrast agents and new 
imaging methods to facilitate tumor-targeted imaging. In this study, phase-shift 
poly lactic-co-glycolic acid (PLGA) nanoparticles modified with folate as an 
efficient US molecular probe were designed and the long-term targeted imaging 
was achieved by low-intensity focused US (LIFU) irradiation.
METHODS: A new 5-step method and purification procedure was carried out to 
obtain uniform folic acid polyethylene glycol PLGA (PLGA-PEG-FA), the structure 
of which was confirmed by 1H nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy and 
thin-layer chromatography. Perflenapent (PFP) was wrapped in PLGA-PEG-FA by a 
double emulsion solvent evaporation method to obtain PFP/PLGA-PEG-FA 
nanoparticles. The targeted ability of the resulting nanoparticles was tested in 
vivo and in vitro. LIFU irradiation can irritate nanoparticle phase-shift to 
enhance tumor imaging both in vivo and in vitro.
RESULTS: PLGA-PEG-FA was a light yellow powder with a final purity of at least 
98%, the structure of which was confirmed by 1H nuclear magnetic resonance 
spectroscopy and thin-layer chromatography. Highly dispersed PFP/PLGA-PEG-FA 
nanoparticles with spherical morphology have an average diameter of 280.9±33.5 
nm, PFP load efficiency of 59.4%±7.1%, and shells, thickness of 28±8.63 nm. The 
nanoparticles can specifically bind to cells expressing high folate receptor 
both in vivo and in vitro. Ultrasonic imaging was significantly enhanced in 
vitro and in vivo by LIFU irradiation. The retention time was significantly 
prolonged in vivo.
CONCLUSION: Phase-shift PFP/PLGA-PEG-FA nanoparticles induced by LIFU can 
significantly enhance ultrasonic imaging, specifically targeting tumors 
expressing folate receptor. As a potential targeting acoustic molecular probe, 
PFP/PLGA-PEG-FA nanoparticles can be used to achieve targeted localization 
imaging.

DOI: 10.2147/IJN.S166200
PMCID: PMC6038875
PMID: 30013344 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure The authors report no conflicts of 
interest in this work.


1018. Case Rep Urol. 2018 Jun 13;2018:2020572. doi: 10.1155/2018/2020572. eCollection 
2018.

Novel Approach for Endoscopic Management of Duodenal Injury during Perirenal 
Infected Haematoma Drainage after Shock-Wave Lithotripsy.

Gadzhiev N(1), Gorelov D(1), Smirnov A(2), Al-Shukri S(1), Petrov S(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Urology, Pavlov First Saint Petersburg State Medical 
University, Saint-Petersburg, Russia.
(2)Department of Endoscopy, Pavlov First Saint Petersburg State Medical 
University, Saint-Petersburg, Russia.
(3)Department of Urology, The Nikiforov Russian Center of Emergency and 
Radiation Medicine, Saint-Petersburg, Russia.

Background. Gaining percutaneous access during percutaneous nephrolithotomy 
(PNL) can be complicated with the bowel injury. We report a novel approach of 
management of duodenal injury complicating percutaneous drainage of infected 
haematoma after Shock-Wave Lithotripsy (SWL). Case Presentation. A 57-year-old 
patient with the 15 mm right pelvic kidney stone underwent uneventful SWL. 
Patient visited emergency department 3 days later with high fever and chills 
with severe right flank pain. CT urography revealed lower pole kidney injury 
with signs of infected hematoma due to low attenuation areas but without signs 
of obstruction or urine leakage. Infected haematoma was drained percutaneously 
under ultrasound and X-ray control and a pigtail catheter 10 Fr was left beneath 
the lower pole of the right kidney. Postoperatively duodenal injury was 
suspected due to amber color, low creatinine, and high bilirubin level in the 
drainage output. CT demonstrated that the pigtail of the drain had entered the 
second part of the duodenum. Catheter was withdrawn and defect of the duodenal 
wall was stapled with four staples endoscopically. After 2 days of fasting 
patient was allowed to start oral food intake and was discharged on the 5th day. 
Conclusion. Injury of the duodenum during percutaneous kidney manipulation is an 
extremely rare complication. Conservative management consisting of endoscopic 
stapling of the duodenal wall defect is a safe and feasible approach to 
expediting the recovery of the patient.

DOI: 10.1155/2018/2020572
PMCID: PMC6020463
PMID: 30009077


1019. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Life Sci. 2018 Sep 1;208:232-238. doi: 10.1016/j.lfs.2018.07.015. Epub 2018 Jul 
10.

Overexpression of GRIM-19 accelerates radiation-induced osteosarcoma cells 
apoptosis by p53 stabilization.

Chen W(1), Liu Q(2), Fu B(3), Liu K(4), Jiang W(5).

Author information:
(1)Medical Imaging Department, Huai'an Second People's Hospital and The 
Affiliated Huaian Hospital of Xuzhou Medical University, Huai'an, China.
(2)Department of Orthopedics, Lianshui County People's Hospital, Huai'an, China.
(3)Department of Orthopedics, Wujin People's Hospital, Changzhou, China.
(4)Department of Radiology, Lianshui County People's Hospital, Huai'an, China. 
Electronic address: pingyanqian79@163.com.
(5)Department of Orthopedics, Wujin People's Hospital, Changzhou, China. 
Electronic address: cangmeixin05@163.com.

Retraction in
    Life Sci. 2024 Jun 15;347:122678. doi: 10.1016/j.lfs.2024.122678.

AIMS: Osteosarcoma is one of the most aggressive types of primary bone cancer 
that responds poorly to radiotherapy frequently. The gene associated with 
retinoid-interferon mortality (GRIM-19) is a tumor suppressor that mediates cell 
apoptosis in multiple cancer types. However, the role of GRIM-19 in osteosarcoma 
and the underlying mechanism remain unclear. This study was designed to 
investigate the role and the underlying mechanism of GRIM-19 in osteosarcoma 
progression.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Osteosarcoma tissues and cell lines were utilized to 
analyze the expressions of GRIM-19 in osteosarcoma by qRT-PCR and Western blot. 
Methods containing flow cytometry, irradiation exposure, cells inoculation, 
plasmid transfection, and protein immunoprecipitation were used to investigate 
the underlying mechanisms of GRIM-19 in osteosarcoma progression.
KEY FINDINGS: GRIM-19 is downregulated in osteosarcoma tissues and cell lines. 
Exposure to radiation induces osteosarcoma cell apoptosis by upregulation of p53 
both in U2OS (p53-wt) and exogenous p53-introduced MG-63 (p53-null) osteosarcoma 
cells. Overexpression of GRIM-19 accelerates radiation-induced osteosarcoma 
cells apoptosis by p53 stabilization ex vivo and in vivo. Mechanistically, 
forced expression of GRIM-19 diminishes the activity of E3 ubiquitin-protein 
ligase mouse double minute 2 homolog (MDM2), a specific p53 protease, results in 
the accumulation of p53 and activation of p53-mediated apoptosis.
SIGNIFICANCE: GRIM-19 was proved to modulate radiation-induced osteosarcoma 
cells apoptosis in a p53 dependent manner by mediating MDM2 activity, which 
sheds light on the development of GRIM-19-based molecular target therapy on 
osteosarcoma.

Copyright © 2018. Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.lfs.2018.07.015
PMID: 30005830 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1020. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2018 Nov 1;102(3):660-665. doi: 
10.1016/j.ijrobp.2018.06.028. Epub 2018 Jun 28.

Surveying Retracted Studies and Notices Within the Field of Radiation Oncology.

Wasiak J(1), Hamilton DG(2), Foroudi F(3), Faggion CM Jr(4).

Author information:
(1)Olivia Newton John Cancer Research Institute, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia; 
Department of Paediatrics, The University of Melbourne, Melbourne, Victoria, 
Australia. Electronic address: jason.wasiak@monash.edu.
(2)Division of Radiation Oncology and Cancer Imaging, Peter MacCallum Cancer 
Center, Melbourne, Australia.
(3)Olivia Newton John Cancer Research Institute, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia; 
Department of Paediatrics, The University of Melbourne, Melbourne, Victoria, 
Australia.
(4)Department of Periodontology and Restorative Dentistry, Faculty of Dentistry, 
University of Münster OR Muenster, Munster, Germany.

PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to characterize retracted studies within 
the field of radiation oncology.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: Computerized searches were performed in Ovid MEDLINE, 
PubMed, Ovid EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library up to May 2017 looking for 
retracted studies using the terms "retraction note," "retracted note," 
"withdrawn" and "radiotherapy," and "radiation oncology." Additional studies 
were identified by hand-searching 10 discipline-specific journals. Two authors 
independently screened papers and then extracted author demographics, journal 
characteristics, and retraction-specific variables.
RESULTS: Of the 58 studies identified, the most common reasons for retraction 
were misconduct (43%), methodological error (21%), authorship issues (5%), 
unknown causes (5%), and journal (administrative) errors (3%). A total of 13 
systematic reviews or protocols (22%) were withdrawn from the Cochrane Library 
for being out-of-date or redundant. All but one retracted study and retraction 
notice were available in portable document format. Of the 57 retrieved papers, 
79% were identified as retracted via in-text notations or watermarks. Overall 
median time to retraction was 44 months (interquartile range, 11-98 months). 
However, 42 studies (72%) were still cited after retraction notices were 
published.
CONCLUSIONS: A retracted study within the field of radiation oncology remains a 
relatively uncommon event. Although promising, our data suggest that the 
majority of these retracted articles continue to be cited as valid research. As 
such, there is still a need for clinicians to remain vigilant with their 
academic rigor and good clinical research practices. There is an urgent need for 
publication houses to foster universal publishing standards along with 
discipline-specific retraction guidelines.

Crown Copyright © 2018. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ijrobp.2018.06.028
PMID: 29964101 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1021. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncol Lett. 2018 Jul;16(1):1243-1252. doi: 10.3892/ol.2018.8727. Epub 2018 May 
16.

MicroRNA-599 suppresses glioma progression by targeting RAB27B.

Jiang Y(1), Wang X(2), Zhang J(3), Lai R(1).

Author information:
(1)State Key Laboratory of Oncology in South China, Department of 
Anesthesiology, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Sun Yat-sen 
University Cancer Center, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510060, P.R. China.
(2)State Key Laboratory of Oncology in South China, Department of Radiation 
Oncology, Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Sun Yat-sen 
University Cancer Center, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510060, P.R. China.
(3)State Key Laboratory of Oncology in South China, Department of Neurosurgery, 
Collaborative Innovation Center for Cancer Medicine, Sun Yat-sen University 
Cancer Center, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510060, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Oncol Lett. 2021 Sep;22(3):677. doi: 10.3892/ol.2021.12938.

MicroRNAs (miRNAs/miRs) serve tumor promoting or suppressive roles in different 
human cancer types, including glioma; however, the regulatory underlying 
mechanism by which miR-599 affects glioma progression remains largely unknown. 
The aim of the present study was to investigate the expression of miR-599 in 
glioma, as well as the underlying regulatory mechanism. Reverse 
transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis 
were used to examine mRNA and protein expression, respectively. MTT, wound 
healing and transwell assays were conducted to study cell proliferation, 
migration and invasion, respectively. A dual-luciferase reporter gene assay was 
used to confirm the targeting association between miR-599 and Ras-related 
protein Rab-27B (hereafter RAB27B). In the present study, miR-599 expression was 
observed to be significantly downregulated in human glioma tissues and cell 
lines, when compared with normal brain tissues and normal human astrocyte cells, 
respectively. Low miR-599 expression was significantly associated with glioma 
progression. Ectopic expression of miR-599 caused a significant reduction in the 
proliferation, migration and invasion of U-87MG Uppsala and U251 cells. 
Bioinformatics analysis and dual-luciferase reporter gene assay data identified 
that RAB27B was a direct target gene of miR-599. The mRNA and protein expression 
of RAB27B was significantly downregulated following miR-599 overexpression in 
U-87MG Uppsala and U251 cells. Rescue experiments demonstrated that RAB27B 
rescued the miR-599-induced inhibition of glioma cell growth, migration and 
invasion. In addition, RAB27B expression was significantly upregulated in glioma 
tissues and cell lines, and the expression levels of RAB27B were inversely 
correlated with miR-599 levels in glioma tissues; therefore, the present study 
demonstrated that miR-599 exerts a tumor-suppressive role in glioma progression 
by targeting RAB27B, indicating that miR-599 may be used as a potential 
candidate for glioma treatment.

DOI: 10.3892/ol.2018.8727
PMCID: PMC6019909
PMID: 29963197


1022. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomarkers. 2021 Feb;26(1):i-vi. doi: 10.1080/1354750X.2018.1496360. Epub 2020 
Sep 1.

RETRACTED ARTICLE: IMPDH2 is highly expressed in breast cancer and predicts 
unfavorable prognosis.

Zhao Y(1), Yang Y(2), Dai J(3), Xing D(1), Dong Y(4).

Author information:
(1)The Third Department of Internal Medicine, Jilin Provincial Tumor Hospital, 
Changchun, China.
(2)The Second Department of Internal Medicine, Jilin Provincial Tumor Hospital, 
Changchun, China.
(3)The First Department of Internal Medicine, Jilin Provincial Tumor Hospital, 
Changchun, China.
(4)The Third Department of Radiotherapy, Jilin Provincial Tumor Hospital, 
Changchun, China.

Retraction in
    Biomarkers. 2021 Feb;26(1):74. doi: 10.1080/1354750X.2020.1809831.

We, the Editor and Publisher of Biomarkers, have retracted the following 
article: Yueming Zhao, Yawen Yang, Jixing Dai, Dejun Xing & Ying Dong (2018) 
IMPDH2 is highly expressed in breast cancer and predicts unfavourable prognosis, 
Biomarkers, DOI: 10.1080/1354750X.2018.1496360 The authors have requested 
retraction of their article after being unable to reach a consensus regarding 
authorship. We have been informed in our decision-making by our policy on 
publishing ethics and integrity and the COPE guidelines on retractions. The 
retracted article will remain online to maintain the scholarly record, but it 
will be digitally watermarked on each page as "Retracted".

DOI: 10.1080/1354750X.2018.1496360
PMID: 29962242


1023. RETRACTED ARTICLE

PLoS One. 2018 Jun 29;13(6):e0199312. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0199312. 
eCollection 2018.

Enhancing radiosensitivity of melanoma cells through very high dose rate pulses 
released by a plasma focus device.

Buontempo F(1), Orsini E(1), Zironi I(2)(3)(4), Isolan L(5)(6), Cappellini A(7), 
Rapino S(4)(8), Tartari A(5), Mostacci D(5), Cucchi G(5), Martelli AM(1), Sumini 
M(3)(5), Castellani G(2)(3)(4).

Author information:
(1)University of Bologna, Department of Biomedical and Neuromotor Sciences, 
Bologna, Italy.
(2)University of Bologna, Department of Physics and Astronomy, Bologna, Italy.
(3)University of Bologna, Department of Chemistry "G. Ciamician", Bologna, 
Italy.
(4)Interdepartmental Centre "L. Galvani" (CIG) for integrated studies of 
bioinformatics, biophysics and biocomplexity, Bologna, Italy.
(5)European Institute of Oncology and Monzino Cardiac Center Foundation 
(IEO-CCM), Milano, Italy.
(6)University of Bologna, Department of Industrial Engineering, Bologna, Italy.
(7)University of Cassino and Southern Lazio, Department of Human Social and 
Health Sciences, Cassino, Italy.
(8)National Institute for Nuclear Physics (INFN), Bologna, Italy.

Erratum in
    PLoS One. 2018 Sep 21;13(9):e0204692. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0204692.

Retraction in
    PLoS One. 2023 Nov 14;18(11):e0294549. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0294549.

Radiation therapy is a useful and standard tumor treatment strategy. Despite 
recent advances in delivery of ionizing radiation, survival rates for some 
cancer patients are still low because of recurrence and radioresistance. This is 
why many novel approaches have been explored to improve radiotherapy outcome. 
Some strategies are focused on enhancement of accuracy in ionizing radiation 
delivery and on the generation of greater radiation beams, for example with a 
higher dose rate. In the present study we proposed an in vitro research of the 
biological effects of very high dose rate beam on SK-Mel28 and A375, two 
radioresistant human melanoma cell lines. The beam was delivered by a pulsed 
plasma device, a "Mather type" Plasma Focus for medical applications. We 
hypothesized that this pulsed X-rays generator is significantly more effective 
to impair melanoma cells survival compared to conventional X-ray tube. Very high 
dose rate treatments were able to reduce clonogenic efficiency of SK-Mel28 and 
A375 more than the X-ray tube and to induce a greater, less easy-to-repair DNA 
double-strand breaks. Very little is known about biological consequences of such 
dose rate. Our characterization is preliminary but is the first step toward 
future clinical considerations.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0199312
PMCID: PMC6025851
PMID: 29958291 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


1024. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Rep. 2018 Jun 26;8(1):9721. doi: 10.1038/s41598-018-26768-9.

The Na/K-ATPase Oxidant Amplification Loop Regulates Aging.

Sodhi K(1), Nichols A(1), Mallick A(1), Klug RL(1), Liu J(1), Wang X(1), 
Srikanthan K(1), Goguet-Rubio P(1), Nawab A(1), Pratt R(1), Lilly MN(1), 
Sanabria JR(1), Xie Z(1), Abraham NG(1)(2), Shapiro JI(3).

Author information:
(1)Departments of Medicine, Surgery, and Biomedical sciences, Joan C. Edwards 
School of Medicine, Marshall University, Huntington, USA.
(2)Department of Medicine and Pharmacology, New York Medical College, Valhalla, 
NY, 10595, USA.
(3)Departments of Medicine, Surgery, and Biomedical sciences, Joan C. Edwards 
School of Medicine, Marshall University, Huntington, USA. shapiroj@marshall.edu.

Retraction in
    Sci Rep. 2022 Jun 1;12(1):9124. doi: 10.1038/s41598-022-13456-y.

As aging involves oxidant injury, we examined the role of the recently described 
Na/K-ATPase oxidant amplification loop (NKAL). First, C57Bl6 old mice were given 
a western diet to stimulate oxidant injury or pNaKtide to antagonize the NKAL. 
The western diet accelerated functional and morphological evidence for aging 
whereas pNaKtide attenuated these changes. Next, human dermal fibroblasts (HDFs) 
were exposed to different types of oxidant stress in vitro each of which 
increased expression of senescence markers, cell-injury, and apoptosis as well 
as stimulated the NKAL. Further stimulation of the NKAL with ouabain augmented 
cellular senescence whereas treatment with pNaKtide attenuated it. Although 
N-Acetyl Cysteine and Vitamin E also ameliorated overall oxidant stress to a 
similar degree as pNaKtide, the pNaKtide produced protection against senescence 
that was substantially greater than that seen with either antioxidant. In 
particular, pNaKtide appeared to specifically ameliorate nuclear oxidant stress 
to a greater degree. These data demonstrate that the NKAL is intimately involved 
in the aging process and may serve as a target for anti-aging interventions.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-018-26768-9
PMCID: PMC6018655
PMID: 29946187 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Several of the authors (Komal Sodhi, Jiang Liu, 
Zijian Xie, Nader Abraham and Joseph I. Shapiro) have patents awarded and/or 
patent applications, which may ultimately constitute a competing financial 
interest. The authors do not have any non-financial competing interest.


1025. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cell Biochem. 2018 Sep;119(9):7873-7886. doi: 10.1002/jcb.27204. Epub 2018 Jun 
26.

MicroRNA-198 inhibition of HGF/c-MET signaling pathway overcomes resistance to 
radiotherapy and induces apoptosis in human non-small-cell lung cancer.

Zhu L(1), Xue F(2), Xu X(1)(3), Xu J(1), Hu S(1), Liu S(1), Cui Y(1), Gao C(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Harbin Medical University Cancer Hospital, 
Harbin, China.
(2)Department of Medical Oncology, Heilongjiang Provincial Hospital, Harbin, 
China.
(3)The Third Affiliated Hospital of SUN YAT-SEN University, Guangzhou, China.
(4)The Second Ward of Oncology Department, The First Clinical Hospital 
affiliated to Harbin Medical University, Harbin, China.

Retraction in
    J Cell Biochem. 2021 Nov;122 Suppl 1:S115. doi: 10.1002/jcb.30095.

Non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the most common cause of death from cancer 
worldwide. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a group of important regulators in NSCLC, 
including miR-198. However, the underlying molecular mechanisms of miR-198 
involvement in intrinsic resistance to radiotherapy in NSCLC remain to be 
elucidated. In this study, to investigate the clinical significance of miR-198 
in NSCLC in relation to the response to radiotherapy, we determined the 
expression patterns of miR-198 between responders and nonresponders after 2 
months of radiotherapy and found that decreased expressions of miR-198 were 
associated with radiotherapy resistance. In addition, we altered the endogenous 
miR-198 using mimics or inhibitors to examine the effects of miR-198 on 
4-Gy-irradiated A549 and SPCA-1 cells in vitro. Upregulating miR-198 was shown 
to inhibit cell proliferation, migration, and invasion and induce apoptosis. 
MiR-198 inhibition produced a reciprocal result. PHA665752, a selective 
small-molecule c-Met inhibitor, potently inhibited hepatocyte growth factor 
(HGF)-stimulated and constitutive c-Met phosphorylation and rescued 
4-Gy-irradiated A549 and SPCA-1 cells from miR-198 inhibition. Most importantly, 
we established tumor xenografts of 4-Gy-irradiated A549 and SPCA-1 cells in nude 
mice and found that miR-198 could suppress tumor formation. Hence, our data 
delineates the molecular pathway by which miR-198 inhibits NSCLC cellular 
proliferation and induces apoptosis following radiotherapy, providing a novel 
target aimed at improving the radiotherapeutic response in NSCLC.

© 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/jcb.27204
PMID: 29943841 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1026. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Phys Rev Lett. 2018 Jun 8;120(23):237201. doi: 10.1103/PhysRevLett.120.237201.

Néel Spin-Orbit Torque Driven Antiferromagnetic Resonance in Mn_{2}Au Probed by 
Time-Domain THz Spectroscopy.

Bhattacharjee N(1), Sapozhnik AA(1)(2), Bodnar SY(1), Grigorev VY(1)(2), 
Agustsson SY(1), Cao J(1), Dominko D(1)(3), Obergfell M(1), Gomonay O(1), Sinova 
J(1)(2)(4), Kläui M(1)(2), Elmers HJ(1)(2), Jourdan M(1)(2), Demsar J(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Institute of Physics, Johannes Gutenberg-University Mainz, 55099 Mainz, 
Germany.
(2)Graduate School of Excellence, Materials Science in Mainz (MAINZ), 55099 
Mainz, Germany.
(3)Institute of Physics, Bijenička c. 46, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia.
(4)Institute of Physics ASCR, v.v.i., Cukrovarnicka 10, 162 53 Praha 6, Czech 
Republic.

Retraction in
    Phys Rev Lett. 2020 Jan 24;124(3):039901. doi: 
10.1103/PhysRevLett.124.039901.

We observe the excitation of collective modes in the terahertz (THz) range 
driven by the recently discovered Néel spin-orbit torques (NSOTs) in the 
metallic antiferromagnet Mn_{2}Au. Temperature-dependent THz spectroscopy 
reveals a strong absorption mode centered near 1 THz, which upon heating from 4 
to 450 K softens and loses intensity. A comparison with the estimated eigenmode 
frequencies implies that the observed mode is an in-plane antiferromagnetic 
resonance (AFMR). The AFMR absorption strength exceeds those found in 
antiferromagnetic insulators, driven by the magnetic field of the THz radiation, 
by 3 orders of magnitude. Based on this and the agreement with our theory 
modeling, we infer that the driving mechanism for the observed mode is the 
current-induced NSOT. Here the electric field component of the THz pulse drives 
an ac current in the metal, which subsequently drives the AFMR. This electric 
manipulation of the Néel order parameter at high frequencies makes Mn_{2}Au a 
prime candidate for antiferromagnetic ultrafast memory applications.

DOI: 10.1103/PhysRevLett.120.237201
PMID: 29932703


1027. J Cell Mol Med. 2018 Jul;22(7):3703. doi: 10.1111/jcmm.13668. Epub 2018 May 29.

CYP2E1 Rsa Ι/Pst Ι polymorphism and lung cancer susceptibility: A meta-analysis 
involving 10,947 subjects.

Shen ZT(1), Wu XH(1), Li B(1), Shen JS(1), Wang Z(1), Li J(1), Zhu XX(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Jinling Hospital, Medical School of Nanjing 
University, Nanjing, China.

Retraction of
    J Cell Mol Med. 2015 Sep;19(9):2136-42. doi: 10.1111/jcmm.12579.

The above article, published in the Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine 
on 14 September 2016 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com), and in 
Volume 19, pp. 2136-2142, has been retracted by agreement between the authors, 
the journal Editor in Chief, Stefan Constantinescu, and John Wiley & Sons Ltd. 
The retraction has been agreed due to unattributed overlap of the language used 
in the "Materials and method" and "Discussion" sections of this study and the 
following article published in Lung Cancer: "CYP2E1 Rsa I/Pst I polymorphism is 
associated with lung cancer risk among Asians" by Ping Zhan, Jing Wang, Yu 
Zhang, Li-Xin Qiu, Su-feng Zhao, Qian Qian, Shu-Zhen Wei, Li-Ke Yu and Yong 
Song, Volume 69, 2010, pages 19-25. REFERENCE Shen Z-T, Wu X-H, Li B, Shen J-S, 
Wang Z, Li J, Zhu X-X. CYP2E1 Rsa Ι/Pst Ι polymorphism and lung cancer 
susceptibility: a meta-analysis involving 10,947 subjects. J Cell Mol Med. 
2015;19:2136-2142. https://doi.org/10.1111/jcmm.12579.

© 2018 The Authors. Journal of Cellular and Molecular Medicine published by John 
Wiley & Sons Ltd and Foundation for Cellular and Molecular Medicine.

DOI: 10.1111/jcmm.13668
PMCID: PMC6680153
PMID: 29924497


1028. Radiat Oncol. 2018 Jun 18;13(1):113. doi: 10.1186/s13014-018-1057-3.

Clinical trials involving positron emission tomography and prostate cancer: an 
analysis of the ClinicalTrials.gov database.

Cihoric N(1), Vlaskou Badra E(2), Tsikkinis A(2), Prasad V(3), Kroeze S(4), 
Igrutinovic I(5), Jeremic B(6), Beck M(7), Zschaeck S(7), Wust P(7), Ghadjar 
P(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, 
University of Bern, Freiburgstrasse 18, 3010, Bern, Switzerland. 
Nikola.cihoric@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, Inselspital, Bern University Hospital, 
University of Bern, Freiburgstrasse 18, 3010, Bern, Switzerland.
(3)Department of Nuclear Medicine, University Hospital of Ulm, Ulm, Germany.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, University Hospital Zurich, Zurich, 
Switzerland.
(5)University of Kragujevac Faculty of Science, Kragujevac, Serbia.
(6)BioIRC Center for Biomedical Research, Kragujevac, Serbia.
(7)Department of Radiation Oncology, Charité Universitätsmedizin Berlin, Berlin, 
Germany.

BACKGROUND: The goal of this study is to evaluate the status and future 
perspectives of clinical trials on positron emission tomography in prostate 
cancer for diagnostic or therapeutic as well as for surveillance purposes.
METHODS: The www.ClinicalTrials.gov database was searched on the 20th of January 
2017 for all trials containing terms describing "prostate cancer" (prostate, 
prostatic, malignant, malignancy, cancer, tumor) and "positron emission 
tomography". In total 167 trials were identified. Trials that included diseases 
other than PCa were excluded (n = 27; 16%). Furthermore, we excluded trials 
(n = 4, 2%) withdrawn prior to first patient enrollment. The remaining trials 
(n = 137, 82%) were selected for further manual classification analysis.
RESULTS: One hundred thirty-seven trials were detected and analyzed. Majority of 
trials were in "active" recruitment status (n = 46, 34%) followed by trials that 
had been "completed" - (n = 34, 25%) and trials with "closed recruitment but 
active follow-up" (n = 23, 17%). Phase 1 and 2 comprised 46% of the complete 
trial portfolio. Locally confined disease was of major interest (n = 46, 34%), 
followed by metastatic disease - not otherwise specified (n = 43, 13%). 
Evaluation of PET was the primary goal of the trial in 114 (83%) cases. Most of 
the trials evaluated only one agent (n = 122, 89%). Choline and PSMA represented 
two major groups (total 50%) and they were equally distributed across trial 
portfolio with 25% (n = 34) each. PSMA trials showed the highest average annual 
growth rate of 56%. The trials were conducted in 17 countries.
CONCLUSION: The scientific community is showing a strong and ever-growing 
interest in the field and we expect that in the coming years, more phase III 
trials will be initiated ultimately delivering the required Level 1 evidence.

DOI: 10.1186/s13014-018-1057-3
PMCID: PMC6006688
PMID: 29914515 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: ETHICS APPROVAL AND CONSENT TO PARTICIPATE: Not 
Applicable. COMPETING INTERESTS: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests. PUBLISHER’S NOTE: Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to 
jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.


1029. Oper Neurosurg (Hagerstown). 2019 Feb 1;16(2):159-166. doi: 10.1093/ons/opy079.

Multicenter Investigation of Channel-Based Subcortical Trans-Sulcal Exoscopic 
Resection of Metastatic Brain Tumors: A Retrospective Case Series.

Bakhsheshian J(1), Strickland BA(1), Jackson C(2), Chaichana KL(2), Young R(3), 
Pradilla G(4), Chen JW(5), Bailes J(6), Zada G(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurological Surgery, Keck School of Medicine, University of 
Southern California, Los Angeles, California.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, 
Baltimore, Maryland.
(3)Brain and Spine Center of South Florida, Delray, Florida.
(4)Department of Neurosurgery, Emory University School of Medicine, Atlanta, 
Georgia.
(5)Department of Neurological Surgery, School of Medicine, University of 
California, Irvine, California.
(6)Department of Neurosurgery, NorthShore University HealthSystem, Evanston, 
Illinois.

BACKGROUND: Recent advancements have aimed to optimize visualization and 
minimize insult to healthy cortical and subcortical tissue through the use of 
tubular-based retractors.
OBJECTIVE: To investigate outcomes following resection of cerebral metastases 
using an integrated tubular retraction system with an exoscope and 
neuronavigation.
METHODS: A multicenter retrospective analysis of surgical outcomes in 
consecutive patients who underwent resection of a brain metastasis using a 
tubular retraction system and exoscope was performed.
RESULTS: Twenty-five patients were included, with a mean age of 61 yr (24-81 
yr). Primary sources included lung (n = 13), breast (n = 3), renal cell (n = 3), 
and other (n = 6). Locations were frontal (n = 5), parietal (n = 8), cerebellar 
(n = 8), occipital (n = 3), and splenium (n = 1). Most lesions had a maximum 
diameter > 3.0 cm (n = 20) and a tumor depth > 4 cm (n = 14). Conversion to open 
(microscopic) craniotomy was not required in any case. Gross total resection was 
achieved in 20 cases (80.0%) and subtotal resection in 5 cases (20.0%). Median 
hospital stay was 2 d (1-12 d). All patients underwent postoperative radiation 
therapy. Perioperative complications developed in 1 patient (4.0%; hemiparesis 
and subsequent deep vein thrombosis). At 3-mo follow-up, no mortalities were 
observed, 19 patients (76.0%) demonstrated neurological improvements, 5 patients 
(20.0%) had a stable neurological exam, and 1 patient (4.0%) had a neurological 
decline.
CONCLUSION: Utilization of a channel-based, navigable retractor and exoscope is 
a feasible option for surgical resection of metastatic brain lesions.

DOI: 10.1093/ons/opy079
PMID: 29912398 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1030. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cell Biochem. 2018 Nov;119(10):8398-8409. doi: 10.1002/jcb.27036. Epub 2018 
Jun 15.

Inhibition of Notch signaling pathway enhanced the radiosensitivity of breast 
cancer cells.

Peng JH(1), Wang XL(1), Ran L(1), Song JL(2), Zhang ZT(1), Liu X(1), Li HY(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Physical Examination, The First Affiliated Hospital of 
Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, P. R. China.
(2)Department of Breast and Thyroid Surgery, Renmin Hospital of Wuhan 
University, Wuhan, P. R. China.
(3)Department of Endocrine and Breast Surgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of 
Chongqing Medical University, Chongqing, P. R. China.

Retraction in
    J Cell Biochem. 2021 Nov;122 Suppl 1:S108. doi: 10.1002/jcb.30088.

This study aimed to investigate the effect of inhibiting the Notch signaling 
pathway on the radiosensitivity of breast cancer cells. Human breast cancer cell 
lines (MCF-7 and T47D) were selected and treated with radiation of different 
doses. Cells were treated with Gamma secretase inhibitor (GSI) to analyze the 
effects of GSI on the Notch signaling, which were detected by Immunofluorescence 
assay, RT-qPCR, and Western blot analysis. Besides, Transwell assay, Scratch 
test, colony formation assay, MTT assay, and flow cytometry were conducted to 
show the effects of GSI on the invasion and migration, survival fraction, cell 
viability, and apoptosis of MCF-7 and T47D cells after radiation therapy. 
Moreover, cell transfection with a dominant negative mutant of RBPJ, the key 
transcription factor of Notch signaling pathway, were also applied to show the 
inhibition of Notch signaling pathway. Initially, we found that the 4 Gy 
radiation activated Notch signaling pathway, and enhanced the invasion and 
migration of MCF-7 and T47D cells. However, GSI inhibited the Notch signaling 
pathway, and reversed the enhancement of radiation on the migration and 
invasion, promoted the enhancement of apoptosis and inhibition of proliferation 
of MCF-7 and T47D cells induced by radiation. Except that, we also determined 
that GSI and dnRBPJ suppressed the upregulation of Notch signaling after 
radiation therapy. Our study demonstrated that inhibition of the Notch signaling 
pathway enhanced the radiosensitivity of breast cancer cells, which may provide 
evident for a beneficial adjuvant therapy in the breast cancer treatment.

© 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/jcb.27036
PMID: 29904942 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1031. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Braz J Med Biol Res. 2018 Jun 11;51(8):e6896. doi: 10.1590/1414-431X20186896.

Long non-coding RNA HOTAIR promotes UVB-induced apoptosis and inflammatory 
injury by up-regulation of PKR in keratinocytes.

Liu G(1), Zhang W(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Burns and Plastic Surgery, Jining No.1 People's Hospital, 
Jining, Shandong, China.

Retraction in
    Braz J Med Biol Res. 2021 Jun 14;54(6):e6896retraction. doi: 
10.1590/1414-431X2020e6896retraction.

Excessive exposure to ultraviolet (UV) rays can cause damage of the skin and may 
induce cancer, immunosuppression, photoaging, and inflammation. The long 
non-coding RNA (lncRNA) HOX antisense intergenic RNA (HOTAIR) is involved in 
multiple human biological processes. However, its role in UVB-induced 
keratinocyte injury is unclear. This study was performed to investigate the 
effects of HOTAIR in UVB-induced apoptosis and inflammatory injury in human 
keratinocytes (HaCaT cells). Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction 
was performed to analyze the expression levels of HOTAIR, PKR, TNF-α, and IL-6. 
Cell viability was measured using trypan blue exclusion method and cell 
apoptosis using flow cytometry and western blot. ELISA was used to measure the 
concentrations of TNF-α and IL-6. Western blot was used to measure the 
expression of PKR, apoptosis-related proteins, and PI3K/AKT and NF-κB pathway 
proteins. UVB induced HaCaT cell injury by inhibiting cell viability and 
promoting cell apoptosis and expressions of IL-6 and TNF-α. UVB also promoted 
the expression of HOTAIR. HOTAIR suppression increased cell viability and 
decreased apoptosis and expression of inflammatory factors in UVB-treated cells. 
HOTAIR also promoted the expression of PKR. Overexpression of HOTAIR decreased 
cell viability and increased cell apoptosis and expression of inflammatory 
factors in UVB-treated cells by upregulating PKR. Overexpression of PKR 
decreased cell viability and promoted cell apoptosis in UVB-treated cells. 
Overexpression of PKR activated PI3K/AKT and NF-κB pathways. Our findings 
identified an essential role of HOTAIR in promoting UVB-induced apoptosis and 
inflammatory injury by up-regulating PKR in keratinocytes.

DOI: 10.1590/1414-431X20186896
PMCID: PMC6002131
PMID: 29898032 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1032. Cureus. 2018 Apr 8;10(4):e2448. doi: 10.7759/cureus.2448.

Diagnostic Accuracy of Digital Mammography in the Detection of Breast Cancer.

Zeeshan M(1), Salam B(2), Khalid QSB(3), Alam S(1), Sayani R(2).

Author information:
(1)Radiology, Royal Blackburn Hospital, Elht.
(2)Department of Radiology, The Aga Khan University, Karachi, PAK.
(3)Radiology, Dallah Hospital.

Introduction Breast cancer has a high prevalence in the community and places 
very high demands on resources. Digital mammography provides a good quality 
image with reduced radiation dose and can detect breast carcinoma in its earlier 
stages, resulting in good prognosis and improved patient survival. Objective To 
calculate the diagnostic accuracy of digital mammography in the detection of 
breast cancer, using histopathology as a gold standard in women aged over 30 
years, who are undergoing mammography for screening and diagnostic purposes. 
Materials and methods This was a cross-sectional analytical study, conducted in 
the department of radiology, for a total duration of 10 months. A total of 122 
patients of age above 30 years, referred for digital mammography for the 
evaluation of different symptoms related to breast diseases, followed by 
biopsy/surgery and histopathology, were included in the study. Result Our data 
confirmed that digital mammography is a highly accurate tool for breast cancer 
detection having a sensitivity of 97%, a specificity of 64.5%, a positive 
predictive value of 89%, and a negative predictive value of 90.9%, with 
a diagnostic accuracy of 89.3%. Conclusion Considering our results, we recommend 
that digital mammography should replace screen-film mammography as a basic tool 
to detect breast cancer for both screening and diagnostic purposes.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.2448
PMCID: PMC5991925
PMID: 29888152

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


1033. Drug Saf. 2018 Oct;41(10):919-931. doi: 10.1007/s40264-018-0689-4.

Cardiac Complications Attributed to Chloroquine and Hydroxychloroquine: A 
Systematic Review of the Literature.

Chatre C(1), Roubille F(2)(3), Vernhet H(4), Jorgensen C(1)(5), Pers YM(6)(7).

Author information:
(1)Clinical Immunology and Osteoarticular Diseases Therapeutic Unit, Lapeyronie 
University Hospital, 371 Avenue du Doyen Gaston Giraud, 34295, Montpellier, 
France.
(2)Cardiology, Arnaud de Villeneuve University Hospital, Montpellier, France.
(3)PhyMedExp, University of Montpellier, INSERM U1046, CNRS, UMR 9214, 
Montpellier, France.
(4)Department of Radiology, Arnaud de Villeneuve University Hospital, 
Montpellier, France.
(5)Institute for Regenerative Medicine and Biotherapy, INSERM U1183, Université 
Montpellier, Montpellier, France.
(6)Clinical Immunology and Osteoarticular Diseases Therapeutic Unit, Lapeyronie 
University Hospital, 371 Avenue du Doyen Gaston Giraud, 34295, Montpellier, 
France. ympers2000@yahoo.fr.
(7)Institute for Regenerative Medicine and Biotherapy, INSERM U1183, Université 
Montpellier, Montpellier, France. ympers2000@yahoo.fr.

INTRODUCTION: Chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine are widely used in the 
long-term treatment of connective tissue disease and usually considered safe. 
However, chloroquine- or hydroxychloroquine-related cardiac disorder is a rare 
but severe adverse event, which can lead to death. This systematic review 
investigates cardiac complications attributed to chloroquine and 
hydroxychloroquine.
METHODS: PubMED, EMBASE, and Cochrane database searches were conducted using 
keywords derived from MeSH terms. Reports published prior to 31 July, 2017 were 
eligible for inclusion, without restriction to study design. Searches were also 
conducted on reference lists of included studies.
RESULTS: Eighty-six articles were identified, reporting individual cases or 
short series, providing information on 127 patients (65.4% female). A majority 
of patients were treated with chloroquine (58.3%), with the remaining treated 
with hydroxychloroquine (39.4%), or both in succession. Most patients had been 
treated for a long time (median 7 years, minimum 3 days; maximum 35 years) and 
with a high cumulative dose (median 1235 g for hydroxychloroquine and 803 g for 
chloroquine). Conduction disorders were the main side effect reported, affecting 
85% of patients. Other non-specific adverse cardiac events included ventricular 
hypertrophy (22%), hypokinesia (9.4%), heart failure (26.8%), pulmonary arterial 
hypertension (3.9%), and valvular dysfunction (7.1%). For 78 patients reported 
to have been withdrawn from treatment, some recovered normal heart function 
(44.9%), while for others progression was unfavorable, resulting in irreversible 
damage (12.9%) or death (30.8%).
LIMITATIONS: The risk of cardiac complications attributed to 
chloroquine/hydroxychloroquine was not quantified because of the lack of 
randomized controlled trials and observational studies investigating the 
association.
CONCLUSIONS: Clinicians should be warned that chloroquine- or 
hydroxychloroquine-related cardiac manifestations, even conduction disorders 
without repercussion, may be initial manifestations of toxicity, and are 
potentially irreversible. Therefore, treatment withdrawal is required when 
cardiac manifestations are present.

DOI: 10.1007/s40264-018-0689-4
PMID: 29858838 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1034. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Med Rep. 2018 Jul;18(1):1188-1196. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2018.9069. Epub 2018 May 
23.

MicroRNA‑874 inhibits proliferation and invasion of pancreatic ductal 
adenocarcinoma cells by directly targeting paired box 6.

Diao J(1), Su X(2), Cao L(3), Yang Y(3), Liu Y(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology and Hematology, China‑Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, Changchun, Jilin 130033, P.R. China.
(2)School of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Jilin University, Changchun, Jilin 130012, 
P.R. China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Jilin Cancer Hospital, Changchun, Jilin 
130012, P.R. China.
(4)Department of Oncology, Jilin Cancer Hospital, Changchun, Jilin 130012, P.R. 
China.

Retraction in
    Mol Med Rep. 2022 Dec;26(6):357. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2022.12873.

Studies have demonstrated that a number of microRNAs (miRNAs) are dysregulated 
in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), and alterations in their expression 
may affect the onset and progression of PDAC. Therefore, the expression 
patterns, biological functions and associated molecular mechanisms of miRNAs in 
PDAC should be elucidated for the development of novel therapeutic methods. 
Previous studies reported significant miRNA‑874 (miR‑874) dysregulation in 
multiple types of human cancer. However, the expression pattern, possible roles 
and underlying mechanisms of miR‑874 in PDAC remain to be elucidated. This study 
evaluated miR‑874 expression in PDAC and examined its biological functions and 
underlying mechanism of action in PDAC progression. miR‑874 expression was 
downregulated in PDAC tissues and cell lines. Functional experiments 
demonstrated that upregulation of miR‑874 inhibited cell proliferation and 
invasion in PDAC. Additionally, paired box 6 (PAX6) was predicted as a putative 
target of miR‑874 using bioinformatics analysis. Further experiments 
demonstrated that PAX6 may be the direct target gene of miR‑874 in PDAC. PAX6 
knockdown exhibited similar inhibitory effects to miR‑874 overexpression in PDAC 
cells. In addition, restored PAX6 expression may reverse the suppressive roles 
of miR‑874 overexpression in PDAC cells. The results demonstrated that miR‑874 
may serve tumor suppressive roles in PDAC by directly targeting PAX6. Therefore, 
miR‑874 may exhibit potential applications for treatment of patients with PDAC.

DOI: 10.3892/mmr.2018.9069
PMID: 29845293 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1035. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Pharmacother. 2018 Aug;104:672-678. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2018.05.100. 
Epub 2018 May 25.

RETRACTED: Long non-coding RNA HULC promotes UVB-induced injury by up-regulation 
of BNIP3 in keratinocytes.

Zhao L(1), Man Y(2), Liu S(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Dermatology, Jining No. 1 People's Hospital, Jining 272011, 
China.
(2)Department of Pediatrics, Jining No. 1 People's Hospital, Jining 272011, 
China.
(3)Department of Dermatology, Jining No. 1 People's Hospital, Jining 272011, 
China. Electronic address: liushumei1213@sina.com.

Retraction in
    Biomed Pharmacother. 2022 Apr;148:112715. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2022.112715.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal 
(https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal). This 
article has been retracted at the request of the Editor-in-Chief. Concerns were 
raised about the background pattern of the Western Blots from Figures 4 and 5. 
Given the comments of Dr Elisabeth Bik regarding this article “This paper 
belongs to a set of over 400 papers (as per February 2020) that share very 
similar Western blots with tadpole-like shaped bands, the same background 
pattern, and striking similarities in title structures, paper layout, bar graph 
design, and - in a subset - flow cytometry panels”, the journal requested the 
authors to provide the raw data. However, the authors were not able to fulfil 
this request and therefore the Editor-in-Chief decided to retract the article.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biopha.2018.05.100
PMID: 29803927 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1036. J Fr Ophtalmol. 2018 May;41(5):412-420. doi: 10.1016/j.jfo.2017.10.008. Epub 
2018 May 16.

Outcomes after surgical resection of lower eyelid tumors and reconstruction 
using a nasal chondromucosal graft and an upper eyelid myocutaneous flap.

Lemaître S(1), Lévy-Gabriel C(2), Desjardins L(2), González-Candial M(3), 
Gardrat S(2), Dendale R(4), Cassoux N(5), Couturaud B(2).

Author information:
(1)Institut Curie, 26, rue d'Ulm, 75248 Paris cedex 05, France; Université 
Paris-Descartes, 12, rue de l'École-de-Médecine, 75270 Paris cedex 06, France; 
Hospital Universitari de Girona Doctor Josep Trueta, Avinguda de França, 17007 
Girona, Spain. Electronic address: stefaniele@free.fr.
(2)Institut Curie, 26, rue d'Ulm, 75248 Paris cedex 05, France.
(3)Hospital Universitari de Girona Doctor Josep Trueta, Avinguda de França, 
17007 Girona, Spain.
(4)Centre de protonthérapie, Institut Curie, campus universitaire d'Orsay, 
bâtiment 101, 91400 Orsay, France.
(5)Institut Curie, 26, rue d'Ulm, 75248 Paris cedex 05, France; Université 
Paris-Descartes, 12, rue de l'École-de-Médecine, 75270 Paris cedex 06, France.

INTRODUCTION: Surgical excision of large malignant lower eyelid tumors may cause 
important full-thickness eyelid defects. The reconstruction of such defects must 
restore the physiologic function of the eyelid and also re-establish an 
acceptable aesthetic result.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: We report the outcomes of full-thickness excision of 
tumors extending over half of the horizontal lid length, followed by 
reconstruction using a nasal chondromucosal graft (coming from the ipsilateral 
ala of the nose) and an upper eyelid myocutaneous flap. Histological analysis of 
the specimen identified the tumor type and surgical margins for each patient.
RESULTS: A total of 25 patients were operated using this reconstruction 
technique between March 2009 and June 2015: 17 basal cell carcinomas, 3 spindle 
cell carcinomas and 5 conjunctival melanomas (out of which 2 were associated 
with lentigo maligna). Mean duration of follow-up after surgery was respectively 
36, 41 and 17 months for each of these 3 tumor types. We found a single local 
tumor recurrence and this was a basal cell carcinoma in a xeroderma pigmentosum 
patient. After surgery, none of the patients had lagophthalmos or ocular surface 
complications. Only 4 patients had a 1mm scleral show postoperatively; 3 other 
patients developed a small retraction of the eyelid after adjuvant radiotherapy 
and a 1mm scleral show occurred.
CONCLUSION: In malignant tumors, complete surgical excision with histological 
margins adapted to tumor type prevents local recurrence in most cases. Our 
repair strategy of nasal chondromucosal graft and skin-muscle flap for large 
inferior eyelid defects provides good functional and aesthetic results.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jfo.2017.10.008
PMID: 29778279 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1037. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2018 Apr;22(8):2447-2453. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_201804_14838.

Effects of fibroblast growth factors 2 and low intensity pulsed ultrasound on 
the repair of knee articular cartilage in rabbits.

Tang ZF(1), Li HY.

Author information:
(1)Department of Orthopedics, Yantaishan Hospital, Yantai, China. 
13181527968@126.com.

Retraction in
    Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2024 Sep;28(18):4276. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202409_36784.

OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of low intensity ultrasound irradiation 
combine with fibroblast growth factors (FGF2) on the repair of the knee 
articular cartilage and to explore its mechanism in rabbit.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: The model of the rabbit knee joint injury was 
established. 40 rabbits were divided into four groups, including control group, 
model group, FGF2 group and FGF2 + low intensity pulsed ultrasound group (FGF2 + 
LIPU). The knee joints of rabbits were taken at 4 and 8 weeks, respectively. 
Histopathological changes were detected by Hematoxylin and Eosin stain (HE) and 
evaluated by Wakitani score. The expression of FGF2 mRNA was detected by 
Real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and the levels of Collagen I and 
Collagen II protein were analyzed by Western blotting.
RESULTS: In FGF2 group and FGF2 + LIPU group, it was found that the tissues of 
knee joint were gradually repaired following the change of time. Further, the 
recovery was better in FGF2 + LIPU group. Cartilage defect areas were filled 
with cartilage-like cells and the repair surface was fused with surrounding 
cartilage in FGF2 and FGF2 + LIPU groups. Wakitani scores were consistent with 
HE results. The expressions of FGF2 mRNA were higher in FGF2 and FGF2 + LIPU 
group than the model group. Western blotting results showed that the levels of 
Collagen I and Collagen II protein in FGF2 and FGF2 + LIPU groups were 
significantly increased compared with that in model group.
CONCLUSIONS: FGF2 and LIPU combined application on the rabbit knees joint repair 
is better than FGF2 alone. FGF2 and LIPU combination can promote the synthesis 
and secretion of collagen in chondrocytes, promote the differentiation and 
maturation of chondrocytes during the repair of cartilage defects.

DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_201804_14838
PMID: 29762847 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1038. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cell Physiol. 2018 Nov;233(11):8617-8629. doi: 10.1002/jcp.26608. Epub 2018 
May 15.

Downregulated expression of microRNA-329 inhibits apoptosis of nigral 
dopaminergic neurons by regulating CDKN2D expression via the FoxO3a signaling 
pathway in rats with Parkinson's disease.

Liu YY(1), Zhang YN(1), Yang QS(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurology, the First Affiliated Hospital of Jinzhou Medical 
University, Jinzhou, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, the First Affiliated Hospital of Jinzhou 
Medical University, Jinzhou, Liaoning Province, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    J Cell Physiol. 2022 Mar;237(3):1997. doi: 10.1002/jcp.30509.

Parkinson's disease (PD) is a common neurodegenerative disorder due to the loss 
of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra. This study focuses on the 
effect of microRNA-329 (miR-329) on nigral dopaminergic neurons in a rat model 
of PD via the FoxO3a signaling pathway by binding to CDKN2D. Brain tissues from 
the substantia nigra were taken from the rats in two groups. TUNEL staining was 
used to observe tyrosine hydroxylase (TH)-positive neurons. Nigral dopaminergic 
neurons were randomized into the normal, blank, negative control (NC), miR-329 
mimics, miR-329 inhibitors, small interfering (siRNA)-CDKN2D, and miR-329 
inhibitors + siRNA-CDKN2D groups. Expressions of miR-329, CDKN2D, FoxO3a, AKT, 
caspase-3 and Bcl-2 were determined using RT-qPCR and western blotting. 
Apoptosis rate of nigral dopaminergic neurons in 7 groups was determined by flow 
cytometry. Compared with the blank and NC groups, the miR-329 mimics group 
showed increased miR-329 and caspase-3 expressions as well as decreased 
expressions of CDKN2D, FoxO3a, AKT, and Bcl-2, the siRNA-CDKN2D group indicated 
enhanced expressions of caspase-3 and declined expressions of CDKN2D, FoxO3a, 
AKT, and Bcl-2, and the miR-329 inhibitors group revealed decreased miR-329 and 
caspase-3 expressions and increased expressions of CDKN2D, FoxO3a, AKT, and 
Bcl-2. The apoptosis rate of nigral dopaminergic neurons was significantly 
increased in the miR-329 mimics and siRNA-CDKN2D groups, but was decreased in 
the miR-329 inhibitors group. Our data suggested that downregulated miR-329 
could inhibit apoptosis of nigral dopaminergic neurons in a rat model of PD by 
upregulating the expression of CDKN2D via the activation of the FoxO3a signaling 
pathway.

© 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/jcp.26608
PMID: 29761857 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1039. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Front Immunol. 2018 Apr 23;9:824. doi: 10.3389/fimmu.2018.00824. eCollection 
2018.

Targeting and Therapy of Glioblastoma in a Mouse Model Using Exosomes Derived 
From Natural Killer Cells.

Zhu L(1), Oh JM(1), Gangadaran P(1), Kalimuthu S(1), Baek SH(1), Jeong SY(1), 
Lee SW(1), Lee J(1), Ahn BC(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Nuclear Medicine, School of Medicine, Kyungpook National 
University, Kyungpook National University Hospital, Daegu, South Korea.

Retraction in
    Front Immunol. 2019 Jul 16;10:1770. doi: 10.3389/fimmu.2019.01770.

OBJECTIVE: Glioblastoma is a highly aggressive primary brain tumor that is 
resistant to radiotherapy and chemotherapy. Natural killer (NK) cells have been 
used to treat incurable cancers. Recent studies have investigated the 
effectiveness of NK-cell-derived exosomes (NK-Exo) for treating incurable 
cancers such as melanoma, leukemia, and neuroblastoma; however, NK-Exo have not 
been used to treat glioblastoma. In the present study, we investigated the 
antitumor effects of NK-Exo against aggressive glioblastoma both in vitro and in 
vivo and determined the tumor-targeting ability of NK-Exo by performing 
fluorescence imaging.
METHODS: U87/MG cells were transfected with the enhanced firefly luciferase 
(effluc) and thy1.1 genes; thy1.1-positive cells were selected using microbeads. 
U87/MG/F cells were assessed by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction 
(RT-PCR), western blotting, and luciferase-activity assays. NK-Exo were isolated 
by ultracentrifugation, purified by density gradient centrifugation, and 
characterized by transmission electron microscopy, dynamic light scattering 
(DLS), nanoparticle-tracking analysis (NTA), and western blotting. Cytokine 
levels in NK-Exo were compared to those in NK cells and NK-cell medium by 
performing an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). NK-Exo-induced 
apoptosis of cancer cells was confirmed by flow cytometry and western blotting. 
In vivo therapeutic effects and specificity of NK-Exo against glioblastoma were 
assessed in a xenograft mouse model by fluorescence imaging. Xenograft mice were 
treated with NK-Exo, which was administered seven times through the tail vein. 
Tumor growth was monitored by bioluminescence imaging (BLI), and tumor volume 
was measured by ultrasound imaging. The mice were intraperitoneally injected 
with dextran sulfate 2 h before NK-Exo injection to decrease the liver uptake 
and increase the tumor specificity of NK-Exo.
RESULTS: RT-PCR and western blotting confirmed the gene and protein expression 
of effluc in U87/MG/F cells, with the bioluminescence activity of U87/MG/F cells 
increasing with an increase in cell number. NTA and DLS results indicated that 
the size of NK-Exo was ~100 nm, and the western blot results confirmed that 
NK-Exo expressed exosome markers CD63 and Alix. We confirmed the in vitro 
cytotoxic effects of NK-Exo on U87/MG/F cells by performing BLI, and the killing 
effect on U87/MG and U87MG/F cells was measured by CCK-8 and MTT assays 
(p < 0.001). ELISA results indicated that NK-Exo contained tumor necrosis 
factor-α and granzyme B. In vivo NK-Exo treatment inhibited tumor growth 
compared to in control mice (p < 0.001), and pretreatment of xenograft mice with 
dextran sulfate 2 h before NK-Exo treatment increased the antitumor effect of 
NK-Exo (p < 0.01) compared to in control and NK-Exo-alone-treated mice.
CONCLUSION: NK-Exo targeted and exerted antitumor effects on glioblastoma cells 
both in vitro and in vivo, suggesting their utility in treating incurable 
glioblastoma.

DOI: 10.3389/fimmu.2018.00824
PMCID: PMC5924812
PMID: 29740437 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1040. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Med Sci Monit. 2018 May 8;24:3002-3010. doi: 10.12659/MSM.910084.

The MEK1/2 Inhibitor AZD6244 Sensitizes BRAF-Mutant Thyroid Cancer to 
Vemurafenib.

Song H(1), Zhang J(2), Ning L(3), Zhang H(2), Chen D(3), Jiao X(3), Zhang K(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Qingdao, Shandong, China (mainland).
(2)Department of Thyroid Surgery, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Qingdao, Shandong, China (mainland).
(3)Department of General Surgery, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Qingdao, Shandong, China (mainland).

Retraction in
    Med Sci Monit. 2022 Mar 07;28:e936571. doi: 10.12659/MSM.936571.

BACKGROUND [i]BRAF[/i]V600E mutation occurs in approximately 45% of papillary 
thyroid cancer (PTC) cases, and 25% of anaplastic thyroid cancer (ATC) cases. 
Vemurafenib/PLX4032, a selective BRAF inhibitor, suppresses extracellular 
signal-regulated kinase kinase/extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 
(MEK/ERK1/2) signaling and shows beneficial effects in patients with metastatic 
melanoma harboring the [i]BRAFV600E[/i] mutation. However, the response to 
vemurafenib is limited in BRAF-mutant thyroid cancer. The present study 
evaluated the effect of vemurafenib in combination with the selective MEK1/2 
inhibitor AZD6244 on cell survival and explored the mechanism underlying the 
combined effect of vemurafenib and AZD6244 on thyroid cancer cells harboring 
BRAFV600E. MATERIAL AND METHODS Thyroid cancer 8505C and BCPAP cells harboring 
the [i]BRAFV600E[/i] mutation were exposed to vemurafenib (0.01, 0.1, and 1 µM) 
and AZD6244 (0.01, 0.1, and 1 µM) alone or in the indicated combinations for the 
indicated times. Cell viability was detected by the MTT assay. Cell cycle 
distribution and induction of apoptosis were detected by flow cytometry. The 
expression of cyclin D1, P27, (P)-ERK1/2 was evaluated by Western blotting. The 
effect of vemurafenib or AZD6244 or their combination on the growth of 8505C 
cells was examined in orthotopic xenograft mouse models [i]in vivo[/i]. RESULTS 
Vemurafenib alone did not increase cell apoptosis, whereas it decreased cell 
viability by promoting cell cycle arrest in BCPAP and 8505C cells. AZD6244 alone 
increased cell apoptosis by inducing cell cycle arrest in BCPAP and 8505C cells. 
Combination treatment with AZD6244 and vemurafenib significantly decreased cell 
viability and increased apoptosis in both BCPAP and 8505C cells compared with 
the effects of each drug alone. AZD6244 alone abolished phospho-ERK1/2 (pERK1/2) 
expression at 48 h, whereas vemurafenib alone downregulated pERK1/2 at 4-6 h, 
with rapid recovery of expression, reaching the highest level at 24-48 h. 
Combined treatment for 48 h completely inhibited pERK1/2 expression. Combination 
treatment with vemurafenib and AZD6244 inhibited cell growth and induced 
apoptosis by causing cell-cycle arrest, with the corresponding changes in the 
expression of the cell cycle regulators p27Kip1 and cyclin D1. Co-administration 
of vemurafenib and AZD6244 [i]in vivo[/i] had a significant synergistic 
antitumor effect in a nude mouse model. CONCLUSIONS Vemurafenib activated 
pERK1/2 and induced vemurafenib resistance in thyroid cancer cells. Combination 
treatment with vemurafenib and AZD6244 inhibited ERK signaling and caused cell 
cycle arrest, resulting in cell growth inhibition. Combination treatment in 
patients with thyroid cancer harboring the [i]BRAFV600E[/i] mutation may 
overcome vemurafenib resistance and enhance the therapeutic effect.

DOI: 10.12659/MSM.910084
PMCID: PMC5965018
PMID: 29737325 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1041. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Nutr Sci Vitaminol (Tokyo). 2018;64(2):138-142. doi: 10.3177/jnsv.64.138.

Enzyme-Treated Asparagus Extract (ETAS) Facilitates the Turnover of 
UV-B-Irradiated Keratinocytes.

Koda T(1), Shirato K(2), Takanari J(3), Imai H(1).

Author information:
(1)Division of Nursing, Faculty of Nursing, Tokyo Healthcare University.
(2)Department of Molecular Predictive Medicine and Sport Science, Kyorin 
University School of Medicine.
(3)Amino Up Chemical Co., Ltd.

Retraction in
    J Nutr Sci Vitaminol (Tokyo). 2018;64(4):305. doi: 10.3177/jnsv.64.305.

Enzyme-treated asparagus extract (ETAS) is prepared from the lower, residual 
parts of asparagus, and some functionalities, such as anti-oxidative and 
neuroprotective activities, have been suggested. The purpose of the present 
study was to investigate the effects of ETAS on photoaging in the epidermal 
layer of the skin using cultured keratinocytes. Normal human epidermal 
keratinocytes were irradiated or left unirradiated with UV-B (10 mJ/cm2) and 
incubated with ETAS (0.5 or 2 mg/mL) or vehicle. After 3 or 13 h, molecular 
examinations were performed, and after 24 or 48 h, cell viabilities were 
determined by a CCK-8 assay. ETAS addition may induce keratinocyte migration and 
proliferation as well as apoptosis under molecular examination. These results 
suggest that ETAS might accelerate turnover of keratinocytes.

DOI: 10.3177/jnsv.64.138
PMID: 29710031 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1042. Radiat Oncol. 2018 Apr 26;13(1):79. doi: 10.1186/s13014-018-1027-9.

Retraction Note: SNPs in genes implicated in radiation response are associated 
with radiotoxicity and evoke roles as predictive and prognostic biomarkers.

Alsbeih G(1)(2), El-Sebaie M(3), Al-Harbi N(4), Al-Hadyan K(4), Shoukri M(5), 
Al-Rajhi N(3).

Author information:
(1)Radiation Biology Section, Biomedical Physics Department, King Faisal 
Specialist Hospital and Research Centre, P.O. Box 3354, Riyadh, 11211, Saudi 
Arabia. galsbeih@kfshrc.edu.sa.
(2)Radiation Biology Section, Biomedical Physics Department, KFSHRC, MBC-03, 
P.O. Box 3354, Riyadh, 11211, Saudi Arabia. galsbeih@kfshrc.edu.sa.
(3)Radiation Oncology Section, Oncology Centre, King Faisal Specialist Hospital 
and Research Centre, P.O. Box 3354, Riyadh, 11211, Saudi Arabia.
(4)Radiation Biology Section, Biomedical Physics Department, King Faisal 
Specialist Hospital and Research Centre, P.O. Box 3354, Riyadh, 11211, Saudi 
Arabia.
(5)National Biotechnology Center, King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research 
Centre, P.O. Box 3354, Riyadh, 11211, Saudi Arabia.

Retraction of
    Radiat Oncol. 2013 May 22;8:125. doi: 10.1186/1748-717X-8-125.

The authors are retracting this article [1] because the data have already been 
published in [2] making this a redundant publication. Ghazi Alsbeih, Najla 
Al-Harbi, Khaled Al-Hadyan, Mohamed Shoukri and Nasser Al-Rajhi agree with this 
retraction. Medhat El-Sebaie did not respond to our correspondence.

DOI: 10.1186/s13014-018-1027-9
PMCID: PMC5918914
PMID: 29699568


1043. Lasers Med Sci. 2018 Sep;33(7):1513-1519. doi: 10.1007/s10103-018-2510-0. Epub 
2018 Apr 26.

Photobiomodulation effects on mRNA levels from genomic and chromosome 
stabilization genes in injured muscle.

da Silva Neto Trajano LA(1)(2), Trajano ETL(2), da Silva Sergio LP(3), Teixeira 
AF(3), Mencalha AL(3), Stumbo AC(1), de Souza da Fonseca A(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Laboratório de Pesquisa em Células Tronco, Departamento de Histologia e 
Embriologia, Instituto de Biologia Roberto Alcantara Gomes, Universidade do 
Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Avenida 28 de Setembro, 87, fundos, Vila Isabel, Rio 
de Janeiro, 20551-030, Brazil.
(2)Laboratório de Biomorfologia e Patologia Experimental, Universidade Severino 
Sombra, Avenida Expedicionário Oswaldo de Almeida Ramos 280, Vassouras, Rio de 
Janeiro, 27700-000, Brazil.
(3)Departamento de Biofísica e Biometria, Instituto de Biologia Roberto 
Alcantara Gomes, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Avenida 28 de 
Setembro, 87, fundos, Vila Isabel, Rio de Janeiro, 20551-030, Brazil.
(4)Departamento de Biofísica e Biometria, Instituto de Biologia Roberto 
Alcantara Gomes, Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Avenida 28 de 
Setembro, 87, fundos, Vila Isabel, Rio de Janeiro, 20551-030, Brazil. 
adnfonseca@yahoo.com.br.
(5)Departamento de Ciências Fisiológicas, Instituto Biomédico, Universidade 
Federal do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Rua Frei Caneca, 94, Rio de Janeiro, 
20211-040, Brazil. adnfonseca@yahoo.com.br.

Muscle injuries are the most prevalent type of injury in sports. A great number 
of athletes have relapsed in muscle injuries not being treated properly. 
Photobiomodulation therapy is an inexpensive and safe technique with many 
benefits in muscle injury treatment. However, little has been explored about the 
infrared laser effects on DNA and telomeres in muscle injuries. Thus, the aim of 
this study was to evaluate photobiomodulation effects on mRNA relative levels 
from genes related to telomere and genomic stabilization in injured muscle. 
Wistar male rats were randomly divided into six groups: control, laser 25 mW, 
laser 75 mW, injury, injury laser 25 mW, and injury laser 75 mW. 
Photobiomodulation was performed with 904 nm, 3 J/cm2 at 25 or 75 mW. Cryoinjury 
was induced by two applications of a metal probe cooled in liquid nitrogen 
directly on the tibialis anterior muscle. After euthanasia, skeletal muscle 
samples were withdrawn and total RNA extracted for evaluation of mRNA levels 
from genomic (ATM and p53) and chromosome stabilization (TRF1 and TRF2) genes by 
real-time quantitative polymerization chain reaction. Data show that 
photobiomodulation reduces the mRNA levels from ATM and p53, as well reduces 
mRNA levels from TRF1 and TRF2 at 25 and 75 mW in injured skeletal muscle. In 
conclusion, photobiomodulation alters mRNA relative levels from genes related to 
genomic and telomere stabilization in injured skeletal muscle.

DOI: 10.1007/s10103-018-2510-0
PMID: 29696446 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1044. Nat Commun. 2018 Apr 24;9(1):1640. doi: 10.1038/s41467-018-04049-3.

Control of mechanical pain hypersensitivity in mice through ligand-targeted 
photoablation of TrkB-positive sensory neurons.

Dhandapani R(1)(2), Arokiaraj CM(1)(2), Taberner FJ(3), Pacifico P(1)(2), Raja 
S(1)(2), Nocchi L(1)(2), Portulano C(1)(2), Franciosa F(1)(2), Maffei M(1)(2), 
Hussain AF(4), de Castro Reis F(1)(2), Reymond L(5), Perlas E(1), Garcovich 
S(6), Barth S(7), Johnsson K(8), Lechner SG(3), Heppenstall PA(9)(10).

Author information:
(1)Epigenetics and Neurobiology Unit, EMBL Rome, Via Ramarini 32, Monterotondo, 
00015, Italy.
(2)Molecular Medicine Partnership Unit (MMPU), Heidelberg, Germany.
(3)Institute of Pharmacology, Heidelberg University, Im Neuenheimer Feld 366, 
Heidelberg, 69120, Germany.
(4)Department of Gynecology and Obstetrics, University Hospital RWTH Aachen, 
Pauwelsstrasse 30, Aachen, 52074, Germany.
(5)Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne, Institute of Chemical Sciences and 
Engineering (ISIC), Institute of Bioengineering, National Centre of Competence 
in Research (NCCR) in Chemical Biology, Lausanne, 1015, Switzerland.
(6)Institute of Dermatology, Catholic University of the Sacred Heart, Largo A. 
Gemelli 8, Rome, 00168, Italy.
(7)South African Research Chair in Cancer Biotechnology, Institute of Infectious 
Disease and Molecular Medicine (IDM), Department of Integrative Biomedical 
Sciences, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Cape Town, Anzio Road, 
Observatory, 7925, South Africa.
(8)Department of Chemical Biology, Max-Planck Institute for Medical Research, 
Heidelberg, 69120, Germany.
(9)Epigenetics and Neurobiology Unit, EMBL Rome, Via Ramarini 32, Monterotondo, 
00015, Italy. paul.heppenstall@embl.it.
(10)Molecular Medicine Partnership Unit (MMPU), Heidelberg, Germany. 
paul.heppenstall@embl.it.

Mechanical allodynia is a major symptom of neuropathic pain whereby innocuous 
touch evokes severe pain. Here we identify a population of peripheral sensory 
neurons expressing TrkB that are both necessary and sufficient for producing 
pain from light touch after nerve injury in mice. Mice in which 
TrkB-Cre-expressing neurons are ablated are less sensitive to the lightest touch 
under basal conditions, and fail to develop mechanical allodynia in a model of 
neuropathic pain. Moreover, selective optogenetic activation of these neurons 
after nerve injury evokes marked nociceptive behavior. Using a phototherapeutic 
approach based upon BDNF, the ligand for TrkB, we perform molecule-guided laser 
ablation of these neurons and achieve long-term retraction of TrkB-positive 
neurons from the skin and pronounced reversal of mechanical allodynia across 
multiple types of neuropathic pain. Thus we identify the peripheral neurons 
which transmit pain from light touch and uncover a novel pharmacological 
strategy for its treatment.

DOI: 10.1038/s41467-018-04049-3
PMCID: PMC5915601
PMID: 29691410 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing interests.


1045. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2018 Apr;22(7):1914-1921. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_201804_14714.

MiR-221 inhibits proliferation of pancreatic cancer cells via down regulation of 
SOCS3.

Xie J(1), Wen JT, Xue XJ, Zhang KP, Wang XZ, Cheng HH.

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Xingtai People's Hospital, Xingtai, Hubei, China. 
xiaozhenwanguy@sina.com.

Retraction in
    Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2024 Mar;28(5):1639. doi: 
10.26355/eurrev_202403_35572.

OBJECTIVE: The over-activation of Janus kinase (JAK)-signal transducer and 
activator of transcription (STAT) pathway induced by cytokines are closely 
correlated with tumorigenesis. Suppressor of cytokine signaling 3 (SOCS3) serves 
as a negative regulator for JAK-STAT, and its down-regulation is involved in the 
oncogenesis of pancreatic cancer. We aimed at investigating the effect of 
miR-221 on the expression and proliferation, cycle and apoptosis of pancreatic 
cancer cells and determine the related mechanism.
PATIENTS AND METHODS: Dual luciferase reporter gene assay was used to analyze 
the regulation between miR-221 and SOCS3. The expressions of miR-221, SOCS3, 
p-JAK and p-STAT3 in normal human pancreatic epithelial cell HPDE6-C7 and 
pancreatic cancer cell PANC-1 were quantified by qPCR and Western blot. Flow 
cytometry was used to identify cell cycle and proliferation. In vitro cultured 
PANC-1 cells were transfected with miR-221 inhibitor or pIRES2-SOCS3. The 
expressions of miR-221, SOCS3, p-JAK and p-STAT3, along with the cell 
proliferation or apoptosis, were compared.
RESULTS: Bioinformatics analysis showed the existence of binding site between 
miR-221 and 3'-UTR of SOCS3 mRNA. Dual luciferase gene reporter assay confirmed 
the targeted regulation between miR-221 and SOCS3. Compared to HPDE6-C7 cells, 
higher levels of miR-221, p-JAK and p-STAT3 expression, and lower expression of 
SOCS3, were found in PANC-1 cells, along with the increase of cell 
proliferation. Transfection of miR-221 inhibitor or pIRES2-SOCS3 remarkably 
enhanced SOCS3 expression, inhibited the levels of p-JAK and p-STAT3 expression, 
and impeded the proliferation of PANC-1 cells.
CONCLUSIONS: MiR-221 decreases proliferation potency of PANC-1 cells and affects 
JAK-STAT3 signaling pathway via inhibiting SOCS3.

DOI: 10.26355/eurrev_201804_14714
PMID: 29687843 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1046. Breast. 2018 Jun;39:123-130. doi: 10.1016/j.breast.2018.04.004. Epub 2018 Apr 
17.

One-step intraoperative radiotherapy optimizes conservative treatment of breast 
cancer with advantages in quality of life and work resumption.

Sorrentino L(1), Fissi S(2), Meaglia I(3), Bossi D(2), Caserini O(2), 
Mazzucchelli S(1), Truffi M(1), Albasini S(1), Tabarelli P(4), Liotta M(4), 
Ivaldi GB(3), Corsi F(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Biomedical and Clinical Sciences "Luigi Sacco", University of 
Milan, Via G. B. Grassi 74, 20157 Milan, Italy.
(2)Surgery Department, Breast Unit, ICS Maugeri S.p.A. SB, Via Maugeri 10, 27100 
Pavia, Italy.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, ICS Maugeri S.p.A. SB, Via Maugeri 10, 
27100 Pavia, Italy.
(4)Division of Medical Physics, ICS Maugeri S.p.A. SB, Via Maugeri 10, 27100 
Pavia, Italy.
(5)Department of Biomedical and Clinical Sciences "Luigi Sacco", University of 
Milan, Via G. B. Grassi 74, 20157 Milan, Italy; Surgery Department, Breast Unit, 
ICS Maugeri S.p.A. SB, Via Maugeri 10, 27100 Pavia, Italy. Electronic address: 
fabio.corsi@unimi.it.

BACKGROUND: Intraoperative radiotherapy (IORT) could be not-inferior to external 
beam radiotherapy (EBRT) in selected patients, but toxicities, self-perception 
of body image, quality of life, and resumption of work or daily activities have 
been poorly explored. The aim of the present study was to compare these outcomes 
between EBRT, IORT full-dose (IORT-f) and IORT boost (IORT-b).
METHODS: 443 consecutive patients, candidates for breast-conserving surgery, 
were included: EBRT was performed in 220 patients (49.7%), IORT-f in 140 
patients (31.6%), and IORT-b in 83 patients (18.7%). Radiotherapy-related 
toxicities were registered. Patients were evaluated at 6 months for Body Image 
after Breast Cancer Questionnaire (BIBCQ) to assess possible changes in 
self-perception of body image and limitations. A second questionnaire explored 
the impact of EBRT, IORT-f and IORT-b on resumption of work and normal daily 
activities.
RESULTS: EBRT had a higher risk of breast fibrosis and retraction (OR 3.58, 95% 
CI 1.024-12.526, p = 0.046) and breast edema (OR 6, 95% CI 2.077-17.335, 
p = 0.001) compared to IORT-f, but a lower risk of seroma compared to IORT-b (OR 
0.36, 95% CI 0.166-0.785, p = 0.01). The BIBCQ scores showed a better outcome in 
arm concerns with IORT-f (-3.3) vs. IORT-b (-1.3, p = 0.002) and EBRT (-1.7, 
p = 0.006), although biased by the lower rate in axillary dissections. Return to 
daily activities occurred after 70.6 days with EBRT vs. 41 days with IORT-f 
(p < 0.0001) and 53.3 days with IORT-b (p = 0.07), without any effect of age or 
axillary dissection.
CONCLUSION: IORT could reduce adverse effects, allowing faster resumption of job 
and houseworks.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.breast.2018.04.004
PMID: 29674010 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1047. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Int J Biochem Cell Biol. 2018 Jun;99:203-210. doi: 10.1016/j.biocel.2018.04.014. 
Epub 2018 Apr 16.

RETRACTED: Down-regulation of miR-373 increases the radiosensitivity of lung 
cancer cells by targeting TIMP2.

Guo Y(1), Jiang Y(1), Sang M(1), Xu C(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Weifang People's Hospital, Weifang261041, 
Shandong, China.
(2)Department of Oncology, No. 89 Hospital of the People's Liberation Army, 
Weifang261021, Shandong, China. Electronic address: xuchunli1123@sina.com.

Retraction in
    Int J Biochem Cell Biol. 2019 Nov;116:105549. doi: 
10.1016/j.biocel.2019.05.018.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal 
(https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal). This 
article has been retracted at the request of the Editor-in-Chief. The image 
analysis run on the Western blots in Figures 4 and 6 revealed that the images 
have been manipulated. Manipulating images in any part of a publication is 
ethically not acceptable.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biocel.2018.04.014
PMID: 29673878 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1048. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer. 2018 Jul 1;124(13):2815-2823. doi: 10.1002/cncr.31393. Epub 2018 Apr 18.

Development and validation of algorithms to differentiate ductal carcinoma in 
situ from invasive breast cancer within administrative claims data.

Hirth JM(1), Hatch SS(2), Lin YL(3), Giordano SH(4)(5), Silva HC(6), Kuo YF(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Center for Interdisciplinary 
Research in Women's Health, The University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, 
Texas.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas Medical Branch, 
Galveston, Texas.
(3)Office of Biostatistics, Department of Preventive Medicine and Community 
Health, The University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, Texas.
(4)Department of Health Services Research, The University of Texas MD Anderson 
Cancer Center, Houston, Texas.
(5)Department of Breast Medical Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson 
Cancer Center, Houston, Texas.
(6)Department of Oncology Surgery, The University of Texas Medical Branch, 
Galveston, Texas.

Retraction in
    Cancer. 2019 Apr 1;125(7):1200. doi: 10.1002/cncr.31886.

BACKGROUND: Overtreatment is a common concern for patients with ductal carcinoma 
in situ (DCIS), but this entity is difficult to distinguish from invasive breast 
cancers in administrative claims data sets because DCIS often is coded as 
invasive breast cancer. Therefore, the authors developed and validated 
algorithms to select DCIS cases from administrative claims data to enable 
outcomes research in this type of data.
METHODS: This retrospective cohort using invasive breast cancer and DCIS cases 
included women aged 66 to 70 years in the 2004 through 2011 Texas Cancer 
Registry (TCR) data linked to Medicare administrative claims data. TCR records 
were used as "gold" standards to evaluate the sensitivity, specificity, and 
positive predictive value (PPV) of 2 algorithms. Women with a biopsy enrolled in 
Medicare parts A and B at 12 months before and 6 months after their first biopsy 
without a second incident diagnosis of DCIS or invasive breast cancer within 12 
months in the TCR were included. Women in 2010 Medicare data were selected to 
test the algorithms in a general sample.
RESULTS: In the TCR data set, a total of 6907 cases met inclusion criteria, with 
1244 DCIS cases. The first algorithm had a sensitivity of 79%, a specificity of 
89%, and a PPV of 62%. The second algorithm had a sensitivity of 50%, a 
specificity of 97%. and a PPV of 77%. Among women in the general sample, the 
specificity was high and the sensitivity was similar for both algorithms. 
However, the PPV was approximately 6% to 7% lower.
CONCLUSIONS: DCIS frequently is miscoded as invasive breast cancer, and thus the 
proposed algorithms are useful to examine DCIS outcomes using data sets not 
linked to cancer registries. Cancer 2018;124:2815-2823. © 2018 American Cancer 
Society.

© 2018 American Cancer Society.

DOI: 10.1002/cncr.31393
PMCID: PMC6005753
PMID: 29669162


1049. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cell Biochem. 2018 Aug;119(8):6623-6632. doi: 10.1002/jcb.26841. Epub 2018 Apr 
17.

Silence of HDAC6 suppressed esophageal squamous cell carcinoma proliferation and 
migration by disrupting chaperone function of HSP90.

Tao H(1)(2), Chen YY(1)(3), Sun ZW(1), Chen HL(1), Chen M(1)(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Soochow University, 
Suzhou, Jiangsu, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Jiangsu Cancer Hospital, Jiangsu Institute of 
Cancer Research, Nanjing Medical University Affiliated Cancer Hospital, Nanjing, 
Jiangsu, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Radiotherapy, Zhejiang Cancer Hospital, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, 
P.R. China.

Retraction in
    J Cell Biochem. 2021 Dec;122(12):1975. doi: 10.1002/jcb.30183.

Esophageal carcinoma is aggressive in nature and its prognosis is largely 
dependent on the degree of invasion. Histone deacetylase 6 (HDAC6), as the most 
unique member of HDACs family, has the positive activity to promote initiation 
and progression of various cancers via targeting multiple non-histone proteins 
in cytoplasm. In this study, we found that HDAC6 was over-expressed in three 
esophageal cancer cell lines (KYSE140, KYSE170, KYSE180) when compared to 
non-carcinoma esophageal epithelial cell HEEC-1. Then two HDAC6 specific siRNAs 
and HDAC6 inhibitor tubastatin A greatly suppressed KYSE140 and KYSE180 cells 
proliferation and migration, and the inhibition of cell motility was accompanied 
by elevated acetylation of α-tubulin, a target of HDAC6. Consistently, the 
microtubulin skeleton was stabilized after HDAC6 knockdown or inhibition. In 
addition, acetylation status of HSP90, another HDAC6 target, was also increased 
towards HDAC6 knockdown or inhibition by co-immunoprecipitation assay. Besides, 
co-treatment of HSP90 inhibitor (PU-H71) and HDAC6 inhibitor (tubastatin A) 
induced a stronger cell migration inhibition compared to administration of 
either drug alone. Furthermore, cell proliferation of KYSE140 and KYSE180 were 
also compromised in response to combination of HDAC6 and HSP90 inhibitors. 
Additionally, co-administration of HSP90 inhibitor and HDAC6 inhibitor strongly 
inhibited tumor growth in vivo. Taken together, our results indicated that HDAC6 
is a promising target by inhibiting HSP90 function in ESCC.

© 2018 The Authors. Journal of Cellular Biochemistry Published by Wiley 
Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/jcb.26841
PMCID: PMC6055819
PMID: 29665050 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1050. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cell Physiol. 2018 Sep;233(9):7424-7434. doi: 10.1002/jcp.26588. Epub 2018 Apr 
16.

Gadd45a gene silencing by RNAi promotes cell proliferation and inhibits 
apoptosis and senescence in skin squamous cell carcinoma through the p53 
signaling pathway.

Liu LQ(1), Tian FJ(1), Xiong Y(1), Zhao Y(1), Song JB(2).

Author information:
(1)Dermatological Department, Linyi People's Hospital, Linyi, P.R. China.
(2)Dermatological Department, Dezhou People's Hospital, Dezhou, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    J Cell Physiol. 2022 Feb;237(2):1627. doi: 10.1002/jcp.30480.

Skin squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) is generally considered as nonaggressive 
lesions and mainly caused by ultraviolet (UV) radiation. Gadd45a is a key 
component protecting skin against UV-induced tumors. For that, the study aims to 
investigate the mechanism of Gadd45a gene silencing on cell proliferation, 
apoptosis, and senescence in nude mice with skin SCC through the p53 signaling 
pathway. Healthy nude mice was collected as the normal group and 40 nude mouse 
models of skin SCC were successfully established as the model group, which were 
sub-divided into five groups. The incidence, size, and weight of SCC tumor of 
nude mice were observed. The mRNA expression of Gadd45a, Cyclin B1, MMP-2, 
Bcl-2, and Bax were determined by RT-qPCR. Cell viability, cell cycle and 
apoptosis, cell senescence were detected by MTT assay, flow cytometry, and 
β-galactosidase staining, respectively. The levels of inflammatory factors and 
vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) were detected by using ELISA. The 
protein expression rate of mutant p53 was detected by immunohistochemistry. Mice 
transfected with siGadd45a showed increased tumor incidence, size, and weight. 
Cells transfected with siGadd45a showed decrease in expression of Gadd45a and 
Bax; and increase in expression of Cyclin B1, MMP-2, and Bcl-2, expression of 
mutant p53, IL-1α, IL-1β, IL-6, TNF-α, and VEGF. Cell apoptosis and senescence 
were inhibited, while cell viability and proliferation were promoted after 
siGadd45a treatment. The results reveal that Gadd45a silencing increases tumor 
cell proliferation and reduces apoptosis and senescence through the p53 
signaling pathway in skin SCC.

© 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/jcp.26588
PMID: 29663367 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1051. Br J Oral Maxillofac Surg. 2018 Jun;56(5):401-405. doi: 
10.1016/j.bjoms.2018.03.009. Epub 2018 Apr 9.

Current trends in the medical management of osteoradionecrosis using triple 
therapy.

Dhanda J(1), Rennie L(2), Shaw R(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Maxillofacial Surgery, Queen Victoria Hospital, East Grinstead, 
UK. Electronic address: jagdhanda@me.com.
(2)Department of Maxillofacial Surgery, Queen Victoria Hospital, East Grinstead, 
UK. Electronic address: ljrennie@hotmail.co.uk.
(3)Department of Molecular and Clinical Cancer Medicine, North West Cancer 
Research Centre, The University of Liverpool Cancer Research Centre, UK. 
Electronic address: Richard.Shaw@liverpool.ac.uk.

Recent guidelines from the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence 
(NICE) have suggested that the medical management of osteoradionecrosis (ORN) of 
the jaws should be used in clinical trials only, and some drugs and therapeutics 
committees have withdrawn funds for such prescriptions. With increased scrutiny 
on the use of these agents, the aims of this study were to ascertain current 
trends in the presentation and management of ORN, with particular focus on which 
agents are being used.

Copyright © 2018. Published by Elsevier Ltd.

DOI: 10.1016/j.bjoms.2018.03.009
PMID: 29650474 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1052. Environ Int. 2018 Mar;112:R1. doi: 10.1016/j.envint.2018.03.045.

WITHDRAWN: Cytogenetics alteration in adult men involved in the recycling of 
electronic wastes.

Du Y(1), Wang Y(1), Du L(1), Xu C(1), Ji K(1), Wang J(1), Liu Q(1).

Author information:
(1)Institute of Radiation Medicine, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences & Peking 
Union Medical College, Tianjin Key Laboratory of Molecular Nuclear Medicine, 
Tianjin, China.

Retraction of
    Environ Int. 2018 Mar;112:174-182. doi: 10.1016/j.envint.2017.12.026.

DOI: 10.1016/j.envint.2018.03.045
PMID: 29650219


1053. Cancers (Basel). 2018 Apr 7;10(4):111. doi: 10.3390/cancers10040111.

Proton Partial Breast Irradiation: Detailed Description of Acute 
Clinico-Radiologic Effects.

Ovalle V(1), Strom EA(2), Shaitelman S(3), Hoffman K(4), Amos R(5), Perkins 
G(6), Tereffe W(7), Smith BD(8), Stauder M(9), Woodward W(10).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA. Valeovalle@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA. estrom@mdanderson.org.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA. SFShaitelman@mdanderson.org.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA. KHoffman1@mdanderson.org.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA. r.amos@ucl.ac.uk.
(6)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA. gperkins@mdanderson.org.
(7)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA. wtereffe@mdanderson.org.
(8)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA. BSmith3@mdanderson.org.
(9)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA. MStauder@mdanderson.org.
(10)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX 77030, USA. wwoodward@mdanderson.org.

Introduction: Accelerated partial breast irradiation (APBI) with protons results 
in a very different acute effect profile than standard whole breast irradiation. 
We reviewed our initial experience with proton APBI and felt that a detailed 
description of these effects were needed to permit a common tool to compare 
experience with this developing technology. Methods: Sixty sequential patients 
treated with proton APBI on a prospective protocol were evaluated and 43 
patients with a minimum six-month follow-up underwent detailed photographic and 
radiologic analysis. The tumorectomy cavity plus an additional 1.5 cm clinical 
target volume (CTV) was treated with two or three passively-scattered proton 
beams to a dose of 34 Gy in 10 fractions in one week. Photographs were taken at 
the end of radiation, at two weeks, six weeks, and every six months thereafter. 
Mammography was obtained at six months after radiation and annually thereafter. 
All visual changes were categorized using the smallest meaningful gradations in 
findings and are demonstrated herein. All treatment-related mammographic 
findings are reported. Findings: Visual and mammographic findings showed a clear 
time-dependent relationship and significant variation between individuals. Peak 
skin reaction occurred at two to six weeks after completion of therapy. At two 
weeks most patients had either no visible effects and patchy erythema involving 
<50% of the treated skin (60%). At six weeks most patients had either patchy 
erythema involving <50% of the overlying skin (33%) or patchy erythema involving 
>50% of the treated skin (28%). Only one patient developed any moist 
desquamation. At six months most patients had no visible skin changes (57%) or a 
small, circular area of mild hyperpigmentation (33%). Mammographic changes seen 
at six months were regional skin thickening (40%), residual seroma (14%), 
localized retraction (26%), and fat necrosis (2%). A subcategorized variant on 
the CTCAE 4.0 was developed to foster granular recording of these findings.

DOI: 10.3390/cancers10040111
PMCID: PMC5923366
PMID: 29642467

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


1054. Semin Diagn Pathol. 2018 Jul;35(4):260-271. doi: 10.1053/j.semdp.2018.03.002. 
Epub 2018 Mar 23.

Iatrogenic pulmonary lesions.

Roden AC(1), Camus P(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Laboratory Medicine & Pathology, Mayo Clinic Rochester, Hilton 
11, 200 First St SW, Rochester, MN 55905, USA. Electronic address: 
Roden.anja@mayo.edu.
(2)Service de Pneumologie et Soins Intensifs Respiratoires, Hopital du Bocage 
Centre Hospitalier Universitaire (CHU) de Bourgogne, Dijon, France; UFR des 
Sciences de Santé, Université de Bourgogne, Dijon, France; INSERM U866, Faculté 
de Médecine, Dijon, France.

Treatment of patients often includes the administration of medications and 
sometimes radiation. While the intent is to treat an underlying condition, in 
some cases, adverse effects occur due to these agents. Most of these adverse 
effects are mild, however, some can be severe and life-threatening. Furthermore, 
while these effects are often reversible upon cessation of exposure, especially 
if the inciting agent is recognized and withdrawn early, others might be 
permanent or even progressing. Most common histopathologic findings in 
drug-induced interstitial lung disease include nonspecific interstitial 
pneumonia (cellular and/or fibrotic), organizing pneumonia with or without 
bronchiolitis, eosinophilic pneumonia, pulmonary edema, diffuse alveolar damage, 
hypersensitivity pneumonitis, granulomatous interstitial lung disease, chronic 
bronchiolitis, and pulmonary hemorrhage. Pulmonary vascular changes or 
constrictive bronchiolitis can also occur. Drugs that are more commonly 
associated with lung toxicity include nitrofurantoin, amiodarone, and 
chemotherapeutic agents such as bleomycin and methotrexate. More recently 
introduced immune modulating agents including rituximab and immune checkpoint 
inhibitors such as anti-CTLA4, anti-PD-1 and anti-PD-L1 agents have also been 
associated with adverse effects in the lung. Radiation therapy to the chest can 
trigger acute or chronic lung toxicity. While newer radiation techniques are 
aimed to decrease and minimize side effects other risk factors such as 
additional chemotherapy, oxygen, and older age may be rising. Foreign substances 
such as talc, hydrogel, and medical devices such as hydrophilic polymer coated 
catheter may rarely also lead to pulmonary complications. It is important that 
clinicians and pathologists are aware of these potential adverse effects of 
drugs, radiation and medical devices and raise the possibility of drug-induced 
lung toxicity after exclusion of other differential diagnoses. It is the role of 
the clinician to provide the pathologist with an appropriate drug history. Early 
intervention to a drug-induced lung toxicity might prevent progression of side 
effects and permanent changes.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1053/j.semdp.2018.03.002
PMID: 29631763 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1055. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Biomark. 2018;22(1):151-159. doi: 10.3233/CBM-171120.

MiR-29a suppresses cell proliferation by targeting SIRT1 in hepatocellular 
carcinoma.

Zhang Y(1), Yang L(2), Wang S(3), Liu Z(3), Xiu M(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Interventional Radiology, The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun 
Yat-sen University, Zhuhai, Guangdong, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, The Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun 
Yat-sen University, Zhuhai, Guangdong, China.
(3)Department of Intensive Care Unit, First Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, Jilin, China.

Retraction in
    Cancer Biomark. 2021;32(4):571. doi: 10.3233/CBM-219529.

OBJECTIVES: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) were identified to be involved in various 
biological functions by regulating the degradation or suppressing the 
translation of their downstream target genes. Recent studies have identified 
miR-29a acts as tumor suppressor in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) progression. 
However, the underlying functions for miR-29a in HCC still to be investigated.
METHODS: The expression of miR-29a expression in HCC tissues and corresponding 
adjacent normal tissues was detected using qRT-PCR analyses. Cell proliferation 
ability was assessed using CCK8 assay, cell colony forming and flow cytometry 
analysis. Bioinformatics, the dual luciferase reporter assay, qRT-PCR and 
western blot analysis were used to demonstrate that SIRT1 was a target of 
miR-29a.
RESULTS: Here, we demonstrated that miR-29a was significantly downregulated in 
HCC tissues compared with corresponding adjacent normal tissues. Lower miR-29a 
expression associated with tumor size and vascular invasion of HCC. Furthermore, 
Lower miR-29a predicted a poor disease free survival (DFS) and overall survival 
(OS) time for HCC patients. Function assays showed that overexpression of 
miR-29a effectively suppressed cell proliferation, cell colony forming ability, 
and cell cycle progression. MiR-29a overexpression also inhibited the cell cycle 
related protein expression of CyclinD1 and CDK4, but increasing the P21 
expression. Furthermore, Bioinformatics and the dual luciferase reporter assay 
analysis results demonstrated that miR-29a specifically targeted the 3'-UTR of 
SIRT1 mRNA and regulated its protein expression. Increased SIRT1 expression 
rescued the inhibited effects induced by miR-29a overexpression in HCC cells.
CONCLUSIONS: Thus, these results indicated that miR-29a may serve as a potential 
target of HCC treatment.

DOI: 10.3233/CBM-171120
PMID: 29630527 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1056. Med Phys. 2018 Jun;45(6):2357-2368. doi: 10.1002/mp.12894. Epub 2018 Apr 24.

EM-enhanced US-based seed detection for prostate brachytherapy.

Dehghan E(1), Bharat S(2), Kung C(3), Bonillas A(4), Beaulieu L(5)(6), Pouliot 
J(7), Kruecker J(2).

Author information:
(1)IBM Almaden Research Center, San Jose, CA, 95120, USA.
(2)Philips Research North America, Cambridge, MA, 02141, USA.
(3)Smith & Nephew Robotics, Pittsburgh, PA, 15222, USA.
(4)Canon Healthcare Optics Research Laboratory, Cambridge, MA, 02139, USA.
(5)Département de Radio-Oncologie, Centre de recherche du CHU de Québec, CHU de 
Québec, Québec, QC, G1R-3S1, Canada.
(6)Département de physique et Centre de recherche sur le Cancer, Université 
Laval, Québec, QC, G1V-0A6, Canada.
(7)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of California at San Francisco, 
San Francisco, CA, 94115, USA.

PURPOSE: Intraoperative dosimetry in low-dose-rate (LDR) permanent prostate 
brachytherapy requires accurate localization of the implanted seeds with respect 
to the prostate anatomy. Transrectal Ultrasound (TRUS) imaging, which is the 
main imaging modality used during the procedure, is not sufficiently robust for 
accurate seed localization. We present a method for integration of 
electromagnetic (EM) tracking into LDR prostate brachytherapy procedure by 
fusing it with TRUS imaging for seed localization.
METHOD: Experiments were conducted on five tissue mimicking phantoms in a 
controlled environment. The seeds were implanted into each phantom using an 
EM-tracked needle, which allowed recording of seed drop locations. After each 
needle, we reconstructed a 3D ultrasound (US) volume by compounding a series of 
2D US images acquired during retraction of an EM-tracked TRUS probe. Then, a 
difference image was generated by nonrigid registration and subtraction of two 
consecutive US volumes. A US-only seed detection method was used to detect seed 
candidates in the difference volume, based on the signature of the seeds. 
Finally, the EM-based positions of the seeds were used to detect the false 
positives of the US-based seed detection method and also to estimate the 
positions of the missing seeds. After the conclusion of the seed implant 
process, we acquired a CT image. The ground truth for seed locations was 
obtained by localizing the seeds in the CT image and registering them to the US 
coordinate system.
RESULTS: Compared to the ground truth, the US-only detection algorithm achieved 
a localization error mean of 1.7 mm with a detection rate of 85%. By contrast, 
the EM-only seed localization method achieved a localization error mean of 3.7 
mm with a detection rate of 100%. By fusing EM-tracking information with US 
imaging, we achieved a localization error mean of 1.8 mm while maintaining a 
100% detection rate without any false positives.
CONCLUSIONS: Fusion of EM-tracking and US imaging for prostate brachytherapy can 
combine high localization accuracy of US-based seed detection with the 
robustness and high detection rate of EM-based seed localization. Our phantom 
experiments serve as a proof of concept to demonstrate the potential value of 
integrating EM-tracking into LDR prostate brachytherapy.

© 2018 American Association of Physicists in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1002/mp.12894
PMID: 29604086 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1057. Eur Thyroid J. 2018 Mar;7(2):84-87. doi: 10.1159/000485742. Epub 2018 Jan 4.

Severe Inflammatory Ophthalmopathy in a Euthyroid Patient during Nivolumab 
Treatment.

Campredon P(1), Imbert P(2)(3), Mouly C(1), Grunenwald S(1), Mazières J(4), 
Caron P(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Endocrinology and Metabolic Diseases, Larrey University 
Hospital, Toulouse, France.
(2)Ophthalmologist, Clinique du Parc, Toulouse, France.
(3)Multidisciplinary Thyroid Eye Consultation, Department of Endocrinology, 
Larrey University Hospital, Toulouse, France.
(4)Department of Pneumology, Larrey University Hospital, Toulouse, France.

INTRODUCTION: Nivolumab is a promising treatment in patients with advanced 
malignancies. Among immune-related adverse events, autoimmune thyroid disorders 
are frequently reported.
PATIENT: A 61-year-old male patient had no history of familial or personal 
thyroid disease. In 2012, this patient, a heavy smoker, presented with 
non-small-cell lung cancer that was treated with radiotherapy and chemotherapy. 
In 2015, the cancer progressed with cervical compressive symptoms, and the 
patient was treated with nivolumab.
RESULTS: After 3 infusions, bilateral eyelid ptosis and bilateral conjunctival 
redness with chemosis were observed. Ophthalmologic examination revealed severe 
proptosis with complete ophthalmoplegia but with normal vision, color test, and 
optic disk. Thyroid function tests were normal (TSH = 0.65 mU/L, free T4 = 15.4 
pmol/L) without anti-thyroperoxidase or anti-TSH receptor antibodies. CT scan of 
the orbits confirmed marked bilateral proptosis with expansion of the orbital 
adipose tissue without significant thickening of extraocular muscles. 
T2-weighted MRI showed inflammation of orbital adipose tissue. Nivolumab 
treatment was withdrawn, and the patient received weekly intravenous high-dose 
methylprednisolone (1 g for 2 weeks, 500 mg for 4 weeks, and 250 mg for 5 
weeks). After the first 3 cycles, significant improvement of left chemosis was 
observed whereas bilateral ptosis and ophthalmoplegia were unchanged. The 
patient was euthyroid without thyroid autoimmunity 1 week prior to his death due 
to massive hemoptysis.
CONCLUSION: We report severe inflammatory ophthalmopathy in a euthyroid patient 
with non-small-cell lung cancer during nivolumab therapy. The occurrence of such 
ophthalmic adverse events is likely to increase during nivolumab therapy in 
patients with advanced malignancies.

DOI: 10.1159/000485742
PMCID: PMC5869363
PMID: 29594059


1058. Frontline Gastroenterol. 2018 Apr;9(2):98-104. doi: 
10.1136/flgastro-2017-100870. Epub 2017 Nov 2.

Emerging role of thalidomide in the treatment of gastrointestinal bleeding.

McFarlane M(1), O'Flynn L(1), Ventre R(1), Disney BR(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gastroenterology, University Hospitals Coventry and 
Warwickshire NHS Trust, Coventry, UK.

Thalidomide was initially synthesised in 1954 and marketed as a sedative and 
antiemetic for morning sickness. It was withdrawn in 1961 due to the realisation 
that it was teratogenic with over 10 000 children born with congenital 
abnormalities. Since then it has been used for treatment of dermatological and 
oncological conditions, including myeloma. In 1994, it was found to have a 
potent antiangiogenic effect via downregulation of vascular endothelial growth 
factor (VEGF). This has led to its use in gastrointestinal bleeding, as vascular 
abnormalities such as angiodysplasia have been found to have elevated VEGF 
levels. This article will review the current evidence of the use of thalidomide 
in bleeding associated with gastrointestinal vascular malformations, including 
angiodysplasia, gastric cancer and radiation-induced proctitis.

DOI: 10.1136/flgastro-2017-100870
PMCID: PMC5868454
PMID: 29588836

Conflict of interest statement: Competing interests: None declared.


1059. Cancer Lett. 2018 May 28;422:133. doi: 10.1016/j.canlet.2018.03.021.

Retraction notice to "MiR-143 inhibits tumor cell proliferation and invasion by 
targeting STAT3 in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma".

Liu J(1), Mao Y(2), Zhang D(1), Hao S(3), Zhang Z(4), Li Z(5), Li B(4).

Author information:
(1)School of Medicine and Life Sciences, University of Jinan-Shandong Academy of 
Medical Sciences, Jinan, China; Department of Radiation Oncology (Chest 
Section), Shandong's Key Laboratory of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Cancer 
Hospital, Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences, Jinan, 250117, China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology (Chest Section), Shandong's Key Laboratory 
of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital, Shandong Academy of Medical 
Sciences, Jinan, 250117, China; Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and 
Hospital, Key Laboratory of Cancer Prevention and Therapy, Tianjin, China; 
Department of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital & Institute, Shandong 
Academy of Medical Sciences, Jinan, China.
(3)Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Qilu Hospital, Shandong University, 
Jinan, China.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology (Chest Section), Shandong's Key Laboratory 
of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital, Shandong Academy of Medical 
Sciences, Jinan, 250117, China; Department of Radiation Oncology, Shandong 
Cancer Hospital & Institute, Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences, Jinan, China.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology (Chest Section), Shandong's Key Laboratory 
of Radiation Oncology, Shandong Cancer Hospital, Shandong Academy of Medical 
Sciences, Jinan, 250117, China; Laboratory of Image Science and Technology, 
Southeast University, Nanjing, China.

Retraction of
    Cancer Lett. 2016 Apr 1;373(1):97-108. doi: 10.1016/j.canlet.2016.01.023.

DOI: 10.1016/j.canlet.2018.03.021
PMID: 29579440


1060. Cancer Lett. 2018 May 28;422:131. doi: 10.1016/j.canlet.2018.03.017.

Retraction notice to "SRI36160 is a specific inhibitor of Wnt/<beta>-catenin 
signaling in human pancreatic and colorectal cancer cells" [Canc. Lett. 389C 
(2017) 41-48].

Li Y(1), Oliver PG(2), Lu W(1), Pathak V(1), Sridharan S(2), Augelli-Szafran 
CE(1), Buchsbaum DJ(2), Suto MJ(1).

Author information:
(1)Drug Discovery Division, Southern Research, 2000 Ninth Avenue South, 
Birmingham, AL, 35255, USA.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Alabama at Birmingham, 
Birmingham, AL, USA.

Retraction of
    Cancer Lett. 2017 Mar 28;389:41-48. doi: 10.1016/j.canlet.2016.12.030.

DOI: 10.1016/j.canlet.2018.03.017
PMCID: PMC5991086
PMID: 29579438


1061. Dysphagia. 2018 Oct;33(5):691-706. doi: 10.1007/s00455-018-9889-4. Epub 2018 Mar 
23.

Longitudinal Evaluation of Swallowing with Videofluoroscopy in Patients with 
Locally Advanced Head and Neck Cancer After Chemoradiation.

Xinou E(1), Chryssogonidis I(2), Kalogera-Fountzila A(2), 
Panagiotopoulou-Mpoukla D(3), Printza A(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Theagenio Cancer Hospital, Al. Simeonidi 2, 54007, 
Thessaloníki, Greece. katxinou@otenet.gr.
(2)Department of Radiology, Aristotle University of Thessaloniki School of 
Medicine, AHEPA University Hospital, St. Kiriakidi 1, 54636, Thessaloníki, 
Greece.
(3)Department of Radiology, Theagenio Cancer Hospital, Al. Simeonidi 2, 54007, 
Thessaloníki, Greece.
(4)First Department of Oto-rhino-laryngology, Aristotle University of 
Thessaloniki School of Medicine, AHEPA University Hospital, St. Kiriakidi 1, 
54636, Thessaloníki, Greece.

The aim of this study was to investigate the prevalence, severity, and pattern 
of evolution of swallowing impairments encountered in head and neck cancer (HNC) 
patients before and after chemoradiation (CRT) with videofluoroscopy of 
swallowing study (VFSS), using the modified barium swallow impairment profile 
(MBSImP) protocol and scoring system, and to determine the appropriate time 
points in which these patients should undergo VFSS post-CRT. A prospective 
cohort of 69 patients with locally advanced HNC underwent VFSS with the MBSImP 
protocol at 5 evaluation points: pre-CRT, and 1, 3, 6, and 12 months post-CRT. 
VFSS was scored with MBSImP, penetration-aspiration scale (PAS), and swallowing 
performance status (SPS) scale. Statistical analysis was performed only for the 
12-month disease-free subset of patients. MBSImP, PAS, and SPS scale scores 
reached their peak at 3 months post-CRT and improved at 6-12 months, but without 
returning at pre-treatment levels. Base of tongue retraction, initiation of 
pharyngeal swallow, epiglottic movement, laryngeal vestibule closure, and 
laryngeal elevation were the most frequently observed impaired MBSImP 
components. Epiglottic movement significantly improved (p = 0.009) and laryngeal 
vestibule closure significantly deteriorated (p = 0.042) over time (Friedman 
test). Severe swallowing deficits and high aspiration rates are observed in HNC 
patients pre-CRT, which further deteriorate post-CRT, peak at 3 months, and 
despite slight improvement, persist over time. We suggest that these patients, 
regardless of the presence of subjective dysphagia, should undergo VFSS both 
before and 3 months post-CRT, and also if possible, 1 month post-CRT, in order 
to facilitate implementation of early swallowing rehabilitation.

DOI: 10.1007/s00455-018-9889-4
PMID: 29572573 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1062. N Z Med J. 2018 Mar 23;131(1472):82-89.

Carcinogenicity of glyphosate: why is New Zealand's EPA lost in the weeds?

Douwes J(1), 't Mannetje A(1), McLean D(1), Pearce N(2), Woodward A(3), Potter 
JD(1).

Author information:
(1)Centre for Public Health Research, Massey University, Wellington.
(2)Department of Medical Statistics, London School of Hygiene and Tropical 
Medicine, United Kingdom.
(3)Epidemiology and Biostatistics, Auckland University, Auckland.

In 2015, the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) concluded that 
glyphosate is "probably carcinogenic to humans". The New Zealand Environmental 
Protection Authority (NZEPA) rejected this and commissioned a new report, 
concluding that glyphosate was unlikely to be genotoxic or carcinogenic to 
humans. The NZEPA has argued that the difference arose because IARC is a 
"hazard-identification authority", whereas NZEPA is a "regulatory body that 
needs to cast the net more widely". We conclude that the NZEPA process for 
evaluating the carcinogenicity of glyphosate was flawed and the post hoc 
justification invalid: there is no mention of risk assessment or "net-benefit 
approach" in the NZEPA report; and there is no discussion of current New Zealand 
glyphosate exposures. Further, the NZEPA report quotes heavily from the European 
Food Safety Authority (EFSA) report, which is itself markedly flawed, and like 
the NZEPA report, relies heavily on industry-funded and industry-manipulated 
reviews. Given the scientific flaws in both reports we urge that: the NZEPA 
report be withdrawn; the NZEPA respond to the concerns raised and for a 
reassessment to be conducted; and clearer process and better understanding of 
science be used to inform any future review of hazardous substances in New 
Zealand.

PMID: 29565939 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: JD is a member of the steering committee of the 
International Agricultural Cohort Consortium. International Agency for Research 
on Cancer (IARC), 2007–present; A’tM was a member of the IARC working group on 
the evaluation of carcinogenic risk to humans, Volume 112: evaluation of five 
organophosphate insecticides and herbicides (which included glyphosate); DMcL 
was a member of the IARC working group on the evaluation of carcinogenic risk to 
humans, Volume 117: evaluation of the carcinogenicity of pentachlorophenol and 
some related compounds; AW was on the panel that reviewed the Environment and 
Radiation Section of IARC in 2017; NP has participated in several IARC Monograph 
Working Groups, and was Visiting Scientist at IARC in 1993. JDP was the US 
Representative, Science Council, IARC, 2001–2006; Vice-Chair, Science Council, 
IARC, 2004; and Chair, Science Council, IARC, 2005–2006. He was awarded the IARC 
Medal of Honour in 2012.


1063. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Acta Gastroenterol Belg. 2017 Oct-Dec;80(4):451-461.

A single center experience in resectable pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma : the 
limitations of the surgery-first approach. Critical review of the literature and 
proposals for practice update.

Dumont R(1), Puleo F(2), Collignon J(1), Meurisse N(3), Chavez M(4), Seidel 
L(5), Gast P(1), Polus M(1), Loly C(1), Delvenne P(6), Meunier P(7), Hustinx 
R(7), Deroover A(3), Detry O(3), Louis E(1), Martinive P(8), Van Daele D(1).

Author information:
(1)Gastroenterology and Medical Oncology, Digestive Oncology Clinic, CHU Sart 
Tilman, Liège, Belgium.
(2)Digestive Oncology, Jules Bordet Institute, ULB, Brussels, Belgium.
(3)Digestive Surgery, CHU Sart Tilman, Liège, Belgium.
(4)Clinical Hematology, CHU Sart Tilman, Liège, Belgium.
(5)Biostatistics, SIME, CHU Sart Tilman, Liège, Belgium.
(6)Anatomopathology, CHU Sart Tilman, Liège, Belgium.
(7)Medical Imaging, CHU Sart Tilman, Liège, Belgium.
(8)Radiotherapy, CHU Sart Tilman, Liège, Belgium.

Retraction in
    Acta Gastroenterol Belg. 2018 Apr-Jun;81(2):358.

BACKGROUND AND STUDY AIMS: The current standard of care for resectable 
pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is surgery-first followed by adjuvant 
chemotherapy. We review our single center experience in a PDAC cohort managed by 
the surgery-first strategy. We then compare our data to those of Belgian and 
international literature.
PATIENTS METHODS: We reviewed a series of 83 consecutive resectable patients 
with PDAC, treated by the surgery-first approach in a Belgian Academic Hospital 
between 2007 and 2013. The outcomes were assessed with univariate and 
multivariate Cox regression analysis. Kaplan-Meier curves were drawn according 
to patient groups.
RESULTS: For the entire population, the median survival (MS) was 18.4 months; 
the 1-year relapse-free survival was 56%, and the 5-year overall survival (OS) 
was 13%. The size of the primary tumor larger than 3 cm (OS, HR = 1.76, p = 
0.033) and vascular resection (DFS, HR = 2.1, p = 0.024) were the single 
independent prognostic factors in the multivariate analysis of this cohort. Only 
69% of the patients received adjuvant chemotherapy, and more than 75% of them 
demonstrated no chance of survival beyond 3 years because they harbored poor 
prognostic factors, recognized only postoperatively.
CONCLUSIONS: Our results and those published in the literature brought to light 
the limited perspectives of the surgery-first strategy in a population of 
apparently resectable pancreatic cancers. In comparison, data from reported 
neo-adjuvant series deserve our interest to bring this strategy upfront in 
selected patients in the context of close observational monitoring and 
randomized trials. The actual standard of care for resectable PDAC is 
surgery-first followed by adjuvant chemotherapy. The performance of this 
strategy relies on the dedicated imaging that does not accurately recognize the 
limits of the tumor and the high prevalence of adverse prognostic factors. 
Moreover, pancreatectomy remains associated with high postoperative complication 
rates and the poor completion of adjuvant therapy. This translates into poor 
long-term survival figures. In our series the MS was 18.4 months and 5-year OS 
was 13%. The disease-free survival (DFS) was 15.6 months, 1 and 3-year DFS were 
56 and 26%, respectively. The variables that significantly correlated with OS in 
univariate analysis are tumor size and lymph node involvement. Regarding DFS, 
vascular resection was the only significant factor. In the multivariate 
analysis, the only significant factor related to OS remained the tumor size >3 
cm in greatest diameter. Vascular resection remained significant for DFS. 31% of 
the patients did not receive any chemotherapy at all before the 6-month period 
following resection. The rates of complete resections compared favorably with 
those of a surgery-first strategy with no excess of operative mortality, 
complications and early relapse rates. The advantages of a chemotherapy-first 
approach, eventually combined with chemo-radiotherapy, are to offer higher 
combined therapy completion rates and improve the level of free resection 
margins, lymph node involvement and patient selection. The advent of safe, more 
potent chemotherapy combinations has the potential to further improve survival 
when administered upfront.

© Acta Gastro-Enterologica Belgica.

PMID: 29560639 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1064. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncol Lett. 2018 Apr;15(4):4907-4911. doi: 10.3892/ol.2018.7959. Epub 2018 Feb 
6.

Effect of galectin-3 on vasculogenic mimicry in esophageal cancer cells.

Zhang J(1), Deng G(2), Qiao L(2), Luo H(1), Liu Q(2), Liang N(3), Xie J(3), 
Zhang J(3).

Author information:
(1)Graduate School, Weifang Medical College, Weifang, Shandong 261053, P.R. 
China.
(2)Department of Graduate, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong 250014, P.R. 
China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Qianfoshan Hospital Affiliated to Shandong 
University, Jinan, Shandong 250014, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Oncol Lett. 2019 Jan;17(1):719. doi: 10.3892/ol.2018.9643.

Galectin-3 is a multifunctional β-galactoside binding lectin associated with 
tumor progression. Previous studies confirmed the roles of galecin-3 
overexpression and silencing in the biological behavior of Eca109 human 
esophageal cancer (EC) cells; galectin-3 may serve a critical role in the 
vasculogenic mimicry (VM) of tumors. Therefore, the present study examined the 
effects of galectin-3 knockdown using lentivirus vectors on VM in EC. Eca109 and 
EC9706 EC cells were transfected with a lentiviral vector to inhibit galectin-3 
expression, or a control vector. VM formation in vitro was evaluated via 3D 
culture. Western blotting was used to detect the expression level of galectin-3 
following galectin-3 silencing and the expression levels of VE-cadherin, ephrin 
type-A receptor 2 precursor (EphA2) and matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP-2). 
According to the results of western blot analysis, the Eca109/galectin-3 and 
EC9706/galectin-3 cells exhibited effective galectin-3 silencing (P<0.05). 
Eca109 and EC9706 cells formed typical tubular networks; the number of tubular 
networks markedly decreased subsequent to galectin-3 knockdown. The expression 
levels of MMP-2 and EphA2 proteins in Eca109/galectin-3 and EC9706/galectin-3 
cells were lower compared with those in Eca109, EC9706, and control 
vector-transfected Eca109 and EC9706 cells (P<0.05); however, there was no 
significant difference in the expression of VE-cadherin proteins. These results 
indicated that galectin-3 may modulate VM in EC by regulating the EphA2 
expression level, which affects VM formation via MMP-2.

DOI: 10.3892/ol.2018.7959
PMCID: PMC5840659
PMID: 29552129


1065. J Med Ultrason (2001). 2018 Oct;45(4):545-553. doi: 10.1007/s10396-018-0874-1. 
Epub 2018 Mar 13.

A novel ultrasonic method for evaluation of blood clotting parameters.

Tatarunas V(1), Voleisis A(2), Sliteris R(2), Kazys R(2), Mazeika L(2), 
Lesauskaite V(3).

Author information:
(1)Laboratory of Molecular Cardiology, Institute of Cardiology, Lithuanian 
University of Health Sciences, Sukileliu 15, 50009, Kaunas, Lithuania. 
vacis.tatarunas@lsmuni.lt.
(2)Ultrasound Institute, Kaunas University of Technology, K. Baršausko g. 59, 
Kaunas, Lithuania.
(3)Laboratory of Molecular Cardiology, Institute of Cardiology, Lithuanian 
University of Health Sciences, Sukileliu 15, 50009, Kaunas, Lithuania.

PURPOSE: For long time, blood clot retraction was measured only by 
thromboelastographic or platelet contractile force measurement techniques. The 
purpose of the present study was development of a novel ultrasonic method based 
on simultaneous monitoring of variations in the ultrasound velocity and the 
frequency spectrum of the signal propagating in clotting blood and its 
application for automatic evaluation of blood clotting parameters.
METHODS: Simultaneous measurement of ultrasound velocity and variations in the 
frequency spectrum of wideband ultrasonic signals in clotting blood samples was 
performed. All measurements were performed in pulse-echo mode. Standard clinical 
data were obtained using routine clinical laboratory methods.
RESULTS: The amplitudes of ultrasonic signals during native blood coagulation 
varied up to ten times for different frequencies. The measurement results of the 
start and duration of blood clot retraction differed between patient samples: 
different components of the blood coagulation system had significant impact on 
the blood clot retraction process.
CONCLUSIONS: Our results showed that during blood clotting, the ultrasound 
velocity and variations in frequency spectrum should be used simultaneously to 
determine the beginning and duration of blood clot retraction. Our results also 
showed that blood clot retraction is controlled by the activity of factor XIII.

DOI: 10.1007/s10396-018-0874-1
PMID: 29536280 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1066. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Am Coll Cardiol. 2018 Mar 6;71(9):957-968. doi: 10.1016/j.jacc.2017.11.071.

Gadolinium-Free Cardiac MR Stress T1-Mapping to Distinguish Epicardial From 
Microvascular Coronary Disease.

Liu A(1), Wijesurendra RS(1), Liu JM(1), Greiser A(2), Jerosch-Herold M(3), 
Forfar JC(4), Channon KM(5), Piechnik SK(1), Neubauer S(1), Kharbanda RK(5), 
Ferreira VM(6).

Author information:
(1)Oxford Centre for Clinical Magnetic Resonance Research, Division of 
Cardiovascular Medicine, Radcliffe Department of Medicine, University of Oxford, 
Oxford, United Kingdom.
(2)Siemens Healthcare GmbH, Erlangen, Germany.
(3)Brigham and Women's Hospital, Radiology, Cardiovascular Imaging, Boston, 
Massachusetts.
(4)Oxford Heart Centre, John Radcliffe Hospital, Oxford, United Kingdom.
(5)Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, Radcliffe Department of Medicine, 
University of Oxford, Oxford, United Kingdom.
(6)Oxford Centre for Clinical Magnetic Resonance Research, Division of 
Cardiovascular Medicine, Radcliffe Department of Medicine, University of Oxford, 
Oxford, United Kingdom. Electronic address: vanessa.ferreira@cardiov.ox.ac.uk.

Retraction in
    J Am Coll Cardiol. 2020 Oct 20;76(16):1915. doi: 10.1016/j.jacc.2020.08.038.

Comment in
    J Am Coll Cardiol. 2018 Mar 6;71(9):980-982. doi: 
10.1016/j.jacc.2017.12.047.

BACKGROUND: Novel cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) stress T1 mapping can detect 
ischemia and myocardial blood volume changes without contrast agents and may be 
a more comprehensive ischemia biomarker than myocardial blood flow.
OBJECTIVES: This study describes the performance of the first prospective 
validation of stress T1 mapping against invasive coronary measurements for 
detecting obstructive epicardial coronary artery disease (CAD), defined by 
fractional flow reserve (FFR <0.8), and coronary microvascular dysfunction, 
defined by FFR ≥0.8 and the index of microcirculatory resistance (IMR ≥25 U), 
compared with first-pass perfusion imaging.
METHODS: Ninety subjects (60 patients with angina; 30 healthy control subjects) 
underwent CMR (1.5- and 3-T) to assess left ventricular function (cine), 
ischemia (adenosine stress/rest T1 mapping and perfusion), and infarction (late 
gadolinium enhancement). FFR and IMR were assessed ≤7 days post-CMR. Stress and 
rest images were analyzed blinded to other information.
RESULTS: Normal myocardial T1 reactivity (ΔT1) was 6.2 ± 0.4% (1.5-T) and 6.2 ± 
1.3% (3-T). Ischemic viable myocardium downstream of obstructive CAD showed 
near-abolished T1 reactivity (ΔT1 = 0.7 ± 0.7%). Myocardium downstream of 
nonobstructive coronary arteries with microvascular dysfunction showed 
less-blunted T1 reactivity (ΔT1 = 3.0 ± 0.9%). Stress T1 mapping significantly 
outperformed gadolinium-based first-pass perfusion, including absolute 
quantification of myocardial blood flow, for detecting obstructive CAD (area 
under the receiver-operating characteristic curve: 0.97 ± 0.02 vs. 0.91 ± 0.03, 
respectively; p < 0.001). A ΔT1 of 1.5% accurately detected obstructive CAD 
(sensitivity: 93%; specificity: 95%; p < 0.001), whereas a less-blunted ΔT1 of 
4.0% accurately detected microvascular dysfunction (area under the 
receiver-operating characteristic curve: 0.95 ± 0.03; sensitivity: 94%; 
specificity: 94%: p < 0.001).
CONCLUSIONS: CMR stress T1 mapping accurately detected and differentiated 
between obstructive epicardial CAD and microvascular dysfunction, without 
contrast agents or radiation.

Copyright © 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jacc.2017.11.071
PMCID: PMC5835225
PMID: 29495995 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1067. J Thromb Haemost. 2018 May;16(5):973-983. doi: 10.1111/jth.13986. Epub 2018 Apr 
2.

Platelet packing density is an independent regulator of the hemostatic response 
to injury.

Mirramezani M(1), Herbig BA(2), Stalker TJ(3), Nettey L(3), Cooper M(3), Weisel 
JW(4), Diamond SL(2), Sinno T(2), Brass LF(3), Shadden SC(1), Tomaiuolo M(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Mechanical Engineering, University of California, Berkeley, CA, 
USA.
(2)Department of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, Institute for Medicine 
and Engineering, Philadelphia, PA, USA.
(3)Department of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA.
(4)Department of Cell and Developmental Biology, University of Pennsylvania, 
Philadelphia, PA, USA.

Essentials Platelet packing density in a hemostatic plug limits molecular 
movement to diffusion. A diffusion-dependent steep thrombin gradient forms 
radiating outwards from the injury site. Clot retraction affects the steepness 
of the gradient by increasing platelet packing density. Together, these effects 
promote hemostatic plug core formation and inhibit unnecessary growth.
SUMMARY: Background Hemostasis studies performed in vivo have shown that 
hemostatic plugs formed after penetrating injuries are characterized by a core 
of highly activated, densely packed platelets near the injury site, covered by a 
shell of less activated and loosely packed platelets. Thrombin production occurs 
near the injury site, further activating platelets and starting the process of 
platelet mass retraction. Tightening of interplatelet gaps may then prevent the 
escape and exchange of solutes. Objectives To reconstruct the hemostatic plug 
macro- and micro-architecture and examine how platelet mass contraction 
regulates solute transport and solute concentration in the gaps between 
platelets. Methods Our approach consisted of three parts. First, platelet 
aggregates formed in vitro under flow were analyzed using scanning electron 
microscopy to extract data on porosity and gap size distribution. Second, a 
three-dimensional (3-D) model was constructed with features matching the 
platelet aggregates formed in vitro. Finally, the 3-D model was integrated with 
volume and morphology measurements of hemostatic plugs formed in vivo to 
determine how solutes move within the platelet plug microenvironment. Results 
The results show that the hemostatic mass is characterized by extremely narrow 
gaps, porosity values even smaller than previously estimated and stagnant plasma 
velocity. Importantly, the concentration of a chemical species released within 
the platelet mass increases as the gaps between platelets shrink. Conclusions 
Platelet mass retraction provides a physical mechanism to establish steep 
chemical concentration gradients that determine the extent of platelet 
activation and account for the core-and-shell architecture observed in vivo.

© 2018 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis.

DOI: 10.1111/jth.13986
PMCID: PMC6709675
PMID: 29488682 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure of Conflict of Interests The authors 
state that they have no conflict of interest.


1068. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Imaging. 2018 Feb 22;18(1):6. doi: 10.1186/s40644-018-0139-7.

Pre-treatment DWI as a predictor of overall survival in locally advanced 
pancreatic cancer treated with Cyberknife radiotherapy and sequential S-1 
therapy.

Zhang Y(1), Zhu X(2), Liu D(3), Song J(4), Zhang H(2), Lu J(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Changhai Hospital Affiliated to the Second Military 
Medical University, Changhai Road 168, Yangpu district, Shanghai, 200433, 
People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Oncology Radiation, Changhai Hospital Affiliated to the Second 
Military Medical University, Changhai Road 168, Yangpu district, Shanghai, 
200433, People's Republic of China.
(3)Department of Orthopedics, No. 113 Hospital of People's Liberation Army, East 
Zhongshan Road 377, Jiangdong District, Ningbo, 315000, People's Republic of 
China.
(4)Department of health statistics, Second Military Medical University, Xiangyin 
Road 800, Yangpu district, Shanghai, 200433, People's Republic of China.
(5)Department of Radiology, Changhai Hospital Affiliated to the Second Military 
Medical University, Changhai Road 168, Yangpu district, Shanghai, 200433, 
People's Republic of China. LDH870118@163.com.

Retraction in
    Cancer Imaging. 2018 Sep 04;18(1):31. doi: 10.1186/s40644-018-0164-6.

BACKGROUND: To identify the value of the pre-treatment apparent diffusion 
coefficient (ADC) derived from diffusion weighted imaging (DWI) in predicting 
the overall survival (OS) for locally advanced pancreatic cancer (LAPC) treated 
with Cyberknife followed by sequential S-1 chemotherapy.
METHODS: Patients with UICC-T4 LAPC who underwent DWI scan (3.0 Tesla) using two 
b-values (0, 600 s/mm2) in our center between 2015 and 2017 were enrolled. Mean 
ADCs of the region of interest (ROI) drawn manually on DWI imaging were measured 
by two independent radiologists at an interval of 1 month. The association 
between prognostic factors and patient survival was determined using univariate 
and multivariate analyses. Cox proportional hazard model was used for 
identification of independent prognostic factors of OS.
RESULTS: A total of 41 patients (28 males and 13 females) were included, with a 
median age of 64 years, with 5 patients (3 males and 2 females) lost. The median 
OS was 11.7 months (range 2.8-23.3) among all 41 patients. The 1-year OS was 46% 
(95% CI 30%-62%). Univariate and multivariate analyses indicated that 
pre-treatment ADC value (HR 10.652, P = 0.0093), age (HR 0.952, P = 0.015), 
CA19-9 (HR 1.001, P = 0.0022) and administration of S-1 (HR 0.128, P = 0.0002) 
were independent predicting factors of OS.
CONCLUSION: The mean ADC value of the primary tumor on pre-treatment DWI imaging 
was an independent predictor of OS in patients with LAPC receiving Cyberknife 
followed by sequential S-1.

DOI: 10.1186/s40644-018-0139-7
PMCID: PMC5824450
PMID: 29471875 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: This study was approved by approvals have been 
granted by the Changhai Hospital Ethics Committee (CHEC-2016-032-01). Signed 
written informed consent was obtained from all participants. Not applicable. The 
authors declare that they have no competing interests. Springer Nature remains 
neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional 
affiliations.


1069. J Anat. 2018 Apr;232(4):575-595. doi: 10.1111/joa.12770. Epub 2018 Feb 19.

The remarkable vocal anatomy of the koala (Phascolarctos cinereus): insights 
into low-frequency sound production in a marsupial species.

Frey R(1), Reby D(2), Fritsch G(1), Charlton BD(3).

Author information:
(1)Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research (IZW), Berlin, Germany.
(2)School of Psychology, University of Sussex, Brighton, UK.
(3)Behavioural Ecology Research Group, Department of Biology, Anglia Ruskin 
University, Cambridge, UK.

Koalas are characterised by a highly unusual vocal anatomy, with a descended 
larynx and velar vocal folds, allowing them to produce calls at 
disproportionately low frequencies. Here we use advanced imaging techniques, 
histological data, classical macroscopic dissection and behavioural observations 
to provide the first detailed description and interpretation of male and female 
koala vocal anatomy. We show that both males and females have an elongated 
pharynx and soft palate, resulting in a permanently descended larynx. In 
addition, the hyoid apparatus has a human-like configuration in which paired 
dorsal, resilient ligaments suspend the hyoid apparatus from the skull, while 
the ventral parts tightly connect to the descended larynx. We also show that 
koalas can retract the larynx down into the thoracic inlet, facilitated by a 
dramatic evolutionary transformation of the ventral neck muscles. First, the 
usual retractors of the larynx and the hyoid have their origins deep in the 
thorax. Secondly, three hyoid muscles have lost their connection to the hyoid 
skeleton. Thirdly, the genioglossus and geniohyoid muscles are greatly increased 
in length. Finally, the digastric, omohyoid and sternohyoid muscles, connected 
by a common tendinous intersection, form a guiding channel for the dynamic 
down-and-up movements of the ventral hyoid parts and the larynx. We suggest that 
these features evolved to accommodate the low resting position of the larynx and 
assist in its retraction during call production. We also confirm that the edges 
of the intra-pharyngeal ostium have specialised to form the novel, 
extra-laryngeal velar vocal folds, which are much larger than the true 
intra-laryngeal vocal folds in both sexes, but more developed and specialised 
for low frequency sound production in males than in females. Our findings 
illustrate that strong selection pressures on acoustic signalling not only lead 
to the specialisation of existing vocal organs but can also result in the 
evolution of novel vocal structures in both sexes.

© 2018 Anatomical Society.

DOI: 10.1111/joa.12770
PMCID: PMC5835795
PMID: 29460389 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1070. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Life Sci. 2018 Apr 15;199:167-178. doi: 10.1016/j.lfs.2018.02.016. Epub 2018 Feb 
13.

microRNA-136 inhibits proliferation and promotes apoptosis and radiosensitivity 
of cervical carcinoma through the NF-κB pathway by targeting E2F1.

Lu HJ(1), Jin PY(1), Tang Y(1), Fan SH(1), Zhang ZF(1), Wang F(2), Wu DM(3), Lu 
J(4), Zheng YL(5).

Author information:
(1)Key Laboratory for Biotechnology on Medicinal Plants of Jiangsu Province, 
School of Life Science, Jiangsu Normal University, Xuzhou 221116, PR China; 
College of Health Sciences, Jiangsu Normal University, Xuzhou 221116, PR China.
(2)Department of Oncology, Linyi People's Hospital, Linyi, 276000, PR China.
(3)Key Laboratory for Biotechnology on Medicinal Plants of Jiangsu Province, 
School of Life Science, Jiangsu Normal University, Xuzhou 221116, PR China; 
College of Health Sciences, Jiangsu Normal University, Xuzhou 221116, PR China. 
Electronic address: wdm8610@jsnu.edu.cn.
(4)Key Laboratory for Biotechnology on Medicinal Plants of Jiangsu Province, 
School of Life Science, Jiangsu Normal University, Xuzhou 221116, PR China; 
College of Health Sciences, Jiangsu Normal University, Xuzhou 221116, PR China. 
Electronic address: lu-jun75@163.com.
(5)Key Laboratory for Biotechnology on Medicinal Plants of Jiangsu Province, 
School of Life Science, Jiangsu Normal University, Xuzhou 221116, PR China; 
College of Health Sciences, Jiangsu Normal University, Xuzhou 221116, PR China. 
Electronic address: ylzheng@jsnu.edu.cn.

Retraction in
    Life Sci. 2022 Sep 15;305:120750. doi: 10.1016/j.lfs.2022.120750.

AIMS: Several microRNAs (miRs) are expressed aberrantly and associated with 
progression, tumorigenesis, and prognosis of haematological and solid tumors. 
The study aimed to identify the effects involved with microRNA-136 (miR-136) on 
the concurrent enhancement of proliferation, apoptosis and radiosensitivity of 
cervical carcinoma through the NF-κB signaling pathway by targeting E2F1.
MAIN METHODS: Totally 338 patients with cervical carcinoma were recruited in 
this study. The expressions of miR-136, E2F1, p65, CyclinD1, Atm, Chk2, Bcl-2, 
Survivin and Bax were detected using RT-qPCR and Western blot analysis. Cells 
with highest miR-136 expression were subsequently assigned into different 
groups. Cell survival and apoptosis rate were detected by colony formation assay 
and flow cytometry, respectively.
KEY FINDINGS: Compared to the sensitivity group, E2F1, p65, Bcl-2 and Survivin 
exhibited increased levels, while expression of CyclinD1, Atm, Chk2, Bax and 
miR-136 was reduced in the confrontation group. Cell survival rate was declined 
at 6 and 8 Gy of X-ray irradiation compared with 0, 2 and 4 Gy. Compared with 
the blank and NC groups, expression of E2F1, p65, Bcl-2 and Survivin was 
increased, while that of CyclinD1, Atm, Chk2, Bax and miR-136 was all decreased. 
The cell survival rate was increased; while apoptosis rate was decreased in the 
miR-136 inhibitor group. The trends observed in the miR-136 mimics and 
siRNA-E2F1 groups were contradictory to the miR-136 inhibitor group.
SIGNIFICANCE: Based on our results, miR-136 inhibits proliferation, while acting 
to promote apoptosis and radiosensitivity in cervical carcinoma by targeting 
E2F1 through the NF-κB signaling pathway, resulting in improved prognoses.

Copyright © 2018. Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.lfs.2018.02.016
PMID: 29452167 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1071. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Med Sci Monit Basic Res. 2018 Feb 15;24:40-46. doi: 10.12659/msmbr.907333.

miR-144 Potentially Suppresses Proliferation and Migration of Ovarian Cancer 
Cells by Targeting RUNX1.

Han S(1), Zhu J(2), Zhang Y(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gynecology, Second Affiliated Hospital of Dalian Medical 
University, Dalian, Liaoning, China (mainland).
(2)Department of Oncology, Affiliated Zhongshan Hospital of Dalian University, 
Dalian, Liaoning, China (mainland).
(3)Department of Experimental Radiation Oncology, MD Anderson, Houston, TX, USA.

Retraction in
    Med Sci Monit Basic Res. 2018 Dec 20;24:232. doi: 10.12659/MSMBR.914478.

BACKGROUND Ovarian cancer (OC) is one of the most common malignant diseases of 
the female reproductive system worldwide. Evidence has shown that microRNAs are 
involved in the development of ovarian cancer. miR-144, one of these microRNAs, 
has been found have upregulated expression in various human malignancies. The 
present study aimed to investigate the role miR-144 in ovarian cancer cell lines 
and to elucidate the mechanism involved. MATERIAL AND METHODS Human ovarian 
cancer cell lines (SKOV3/OVCAR3) and a normal ovarian cell line (IOSE80) were 
used to identify the miR-144 expression though qRT-PCR method. SKOV3/OVCAR3 
cells were transfected with miR-144 mimics by Lipofectamine, and the 
proliferation, migration, and invasion ability of these cells were detected by 
MTT assay, wound healing assay, and Transwell assays, respectively. MMP2 and 
MMP9 expression were detected at mRNA and protein levels. The results of dual 
luciferase reporter assay confirmed that miR-144 could down-regulate RUNX1 
expression level. Finally, the expression of runt-related transcription factor 1 
(RUNX1) was examined using qRT-PCR and Western blot analysis. RESULTS Our 
results demonstrate that the expression level of miR-144 was downregulated in 
SKOV3/OVCAR3 compared to IOSE80, and we found that miR-144 suppresses the 
proliferation and migration of ovarian cancer cells. Moreover, RUNX1 was 
predicted and confirmed to be a target of miRNA-144. Additionally, after 48-h 
transfection with miR-144 mimics, the expression of RUNX1 was downregulated in 
OC cells. CONCLUSIONS miR-144 mimics can inhibit the proliferation and migration 
of ovarian cancer cells though regulating the expression of RUNX1.

DOI: 10.12659/msmbr.907333
PMCID: PMC5822934
PMID: 29445078 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest None.


1072. PLoS One. 2018 Feb 13;13(2):e0191874. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0191874. 
eCollection 2018.

Visual discrimination of screen-detected persistent from transient subsolid 
nodules: An observer study.

Chung K(1), Ciompi F(1), Scholten ET(1), Goo JM(2), Prokop M(1), Jacobs C(1), 
van Ginneken B(1), Schaefer-Prokop CM(1)(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology and Nuclear Medicine, Radboud University Medical 
Center, Nijmegen, the Netherlands.
(2)Department of Radiology, Seoul National University College of Medicine, and 
Institute of Radiation Medicine, Seoul National University Medical Research 
Center, Seoul, Korea.
(3)Department of Radiology, Meander Medical Center, Amersfoort, the Netherlands.

PURPOSE: To evaluate whether, and to which extent, experienced radiologists are 
able to visually correctly differentiate transient from persistent subsolid 
nodules from a single CT examination alone and to determine CT morphological 
features to make this differentiation.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: We selected 86 transient and 135 persistent subsolid 
nodules from the National Lung Screening Trial (NLST) database. Four experienced 
radiologists visually assessed a predefined list of morphological features and 
gave a final judgment on a continuous scale (0-100). To assess observer 
performance, area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was 
calculated. Statistical differences of morphological features between transient 
and persistent lesions were calculated using Chi-square. Inter-observer 
agreement of morphological features was evaluated by percentage agreement.
RESULTS: Forty-nine lesions were excluded by at least 2 observers, leaving 172 
lesions for analysis. On average observers were able to differentiate transient 
from persistent subsolid nodules ≥ 10 mm with an area under the curve of 0.75 
(95% CI 0.67-0.82). Nodule type, lesion margin, presence of a well-defined 
border, and pleural retraction showed significant differences between transient 
and persistent lesions in two observers. Average pair-wise percentage agreement 
for these features was 81%, 64%, 47% and 89% respectively. Agreement for other 
morphological features varied from 53% to 95%.
CONCLUSION: The visual capacity of experienced radiologists to differentiate 
persistent and transient subsolid nodules is moderate in subsolid nodules larger 
than 10 mm. Performance of the visual assessment of CT morphology alone is not 
sufficient to generally abandon a short-term follow-up for subsolid nodules.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0191874
PMCID: PMC5810988
PMID: 29438443 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Competing Interests: "The authors have declared 
that no competing interests exist."


1073. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncol Lett. 2018 Feb;15(2):2111-2116. doi: 10.3892/ol.2017.7552. Epub 2017 Dec 
8.

p68 prompts the epithelial-mesenchymal transition in cervical cancer cells by 
transcriptionally activating the TGF-β1 signaling pathway.

Li MY(1), Liu JQ(1), Chen DP(1), Li ZY(1), Qi B(1), Yin WJ(1), He L(1).

Author information:
(1)The 5th Ward of The Radiotherapy Department, Affiliated Cancer Hospital and 
Institute of Guangzhou Medical University, Guangzhou, Guangdong 510095, P.R. 
China.

Retraction in
    Oncol Lett. 2024 Sep 30;28(6):575. doi: 10.3892/ol.2024.14708.

Overexpression of p68 has been reported in various types of cancer. However, 
little study has been conducted on the expression and role of p68 in cervical 
cancer. Therefore, the present study focuses on the role of p68 in cervical 
cancer cells, which may elucidate its potential mechanism of cervical cancer 
progression and shed light on the precision medical treatment of cervical 
cancer. Firstly, the expression of p68 was analyzed using reverse 
transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis. 
The changes to cell morphology were observed using an inverted microscope 
(XDS-500D; Shanghai Caikon Optical Instrument Co., Ltd., Shanghai, China). Cell 
migration was determined using an in vitro scratch assay. The present study 
demonstrated that the mRNA and protein levels of p68 were significantly enhanced 
in cervical cancer CaSki, HeLa [human papillomavirus (HPV)-18-positive], SiHa 
(HPV-16-positive) and C-33A (HPV-negative) cell lines compared with the human 
keratinocyte HaCaT cell line. Overexpression of p68 induced an elongated and 
spindle-shaped morphology in CaSki cells. Upregulation of p68 increased the 
expression of α-smooth muscle actin, vimentin and fibronectin however, 
epithelial marker E-cadherin was significantly decreased. Furthermore, the in 
vitro scratch assay demonstrated that overexpression of p68 markedly enhanced 
CaSki cell migration capacity at 24 and 48 h. Knockdown of p68 partially 
reversed transforming growth factor-β1 (TGF-β1)-induced changes in 
epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) markers and cell morphological changes. 
In summary, the present study demonstrated that p68 transcriptionally activated 
the expression of TGF-β1, thereby prompting EMT in cervical cancer cells.

DOI: 10.3892/ol.2017.7552
PMCID: PMC5777103
PMID: 29434913


1074. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncol Lett. 2018 Feb;15(2):1483-1486. doi: 10.3892/ol.2017.7504. Epub 2017 Nov 
29.

The link between FOXJ1 expression level in bladder carcinoma and tumor 
recurrence.

Liang B(1), He X(2), Shang D(3), Tian Y(3), Liu Z(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengzhou, Henan 450052, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Infection, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengzhou, Henan 450052, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Urology, Beijing Friendship Hospital, Capital Medical 
University, Beijing 100050, P.R. China.
(4)Department of Radiotherapy, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou 
University, Zhengzhou, Henan 450052, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Oncol Lett. 2018 Aug;16(2):2764. doi: 10.3892/ol.2018.8920.

We studied the expression level of FOXJ1 in bladder epithelial carcinoma and its 
relation to clinical features and tumor recurrence. From January 2014 to June 
2015, 66 patients with bladder epithelial carcinoma were enrolled in this study 
and their tumor and para-carcinoma tissue samples were collected. FOXJ1 positive 
expression rate was evaluated using immunohistochemical staining, and FOXJ1 mRNA 
expression level was measured by RT-PCR. RT-PCR and immunohistochemistry results 
showed that FOXJ1 expression level in tumor samples was significantly lower than 
that in para-carcinoma tissue samples. The median survival time in patients with 
positive expression of FOXJ1 was significantly longer than that of patients with 
negative expression of FOXJ1. We also showed that FOXJ1 expression level was 
negatively correlated with neoplasm staging and tumor recurrence rate. We 
concluded that FOXJ1 was expressed in low quantities in bladder epithelial 
carcinoma, which was closely correlated with the biological characteristics of 
the tumor. FOXJ1 expression presents a promising application prospect for 
further exploration of the specific biological mechanism of FOXJ1 in regulating 
the occurrence and development of bladder epithelial carcinoma. FOXJ1 may be 
used as a new marker for early diagnosis and prediction of recurrence.

DOI: 10.3892/ol.2017.7504
PMCID: PMC5774442
PMID: 29434839


1075. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncotarget. 2017 Dec 18;9(2):2395-2409. doi: 10.18632/oncotarget.23416. 
eCollection 2018 Jan 5.

LncRNA NEAT1 enhances the radio-resistance of cervical cancer via 
miR-193b-3p/CCND1 axis.

Han D(1), Wang J(1), Cheng G(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, Changchun 130033, China.

Retraction in
    Oncotarget. 2023 Apr 24;14:363. doi: 10.18632/oncotarget.28416.

LncRNAs have become a hot topic in various cancer-related researches. 
Radio-resistance is a great threat for cancer therapy. However, how lncRNAs 
affect the radio-resistance in cervical cancer is masked. As for our paper, it 
was discovered that NEAT1 was highly expressed in cervical cancer tissues and 
non-sensitive tissues as well as radio-resistant cell lines. And the 
overexpression of NEAT1 accelerated proliferation, while the knockdown of NEAT1 
had the opposite result. The effect of NEAT1 on cell proliferation was dependent 
on the dose of ionizing radiation. And the silence of NEAT1 also caused cell 
cycle arrest in G0/G1 phase, and triggered more apoptosis, indicating the 
oncogenic role of NEAT1 in cervical cancer. Next, mechanistic assays affirmed 
that NEAT1 could function as a ceRNA to regulate cyclin D1 through sponging 
miR-193b-3p in cervical cancer. Rescue assays were employed to validate that 
miR-193b-3p and cyclin D1 could inhibit NEAT1-mediated suppressive effect on 
proliferation, and its stimulative effect on cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. In 
general, this article disclosed that NEAT1 could facilitate the radio-resistance 
of cervical cancer via competitively binding miR-193b-3p to up-regulate the 
expression of cyclin D1.

DOI: 10.18632/oncotarget.23416
PMCID: PMC5788648
PMID: 29416780

Conflict of interest statement: CONFLICTS OF INTEREST The authors declare that 
they have no conflicts of interest.


1076. Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2018 Feb 6;2(2):CD002805. doi: 
10.1002/14651858.CD002805.pub2.

WITHDRAWN: Cranial irradiation for preventing brain metastases of small cell 
lung cancer in patients in complete remission.

Prophylactic Cranial Irradiation Overview Collaborative Group(1).

Author information:
(1)VILLEJUIF, France.

Update of
    Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2000;(4):CD002805. doi: 
10.1002/14651858.CD002805.

BACKGROUND: Prophylactic cranial irradiation halves the rate of brain metastases 
in patients with small cell lung cancer. Individual randomized trials conducted 
on patients in complete remission were unable to clarify whether this treatment 
improves survival.
OBJECTIVES: This study aims to test whether prophylactic cranial irradiation 
prolongs survival of patients with small cell lung cancer in complete remission.
SEARCH METHODS: Published and unpublished trials were eligible. Electronic 
databases (Medline, Cancerlit, Excerpta Medica, Biosis from 1965 to 1998), 
reference lists of trial publications, review articles and relevant books were 
used to identify potentially eligible trials. The search was also guided by 
discussions with investigators and experts, and the examination of meeting 
proceedings and of the Physician Data Query clinical trial registry.
SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomized trials comparing prophylactic cranial irradiation 
with no prophylactic cranial irradiation in patients with small cell lung cancer 
in complete remission.
DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Meta-analysis based on updated individual data. 
The main endpoint was survival.
MAIN RESULTS: Seven trials with a total of 987 participants were included. The 
relative risk of death in the treatment group compared to the control group was 
0.84 (95% confidence interval=0.73 to 0.97, P=0.01), corresponding to a 5.4 
percent increase in the 3-year survival rate (from 15.3 percent in the control 
group to 20.7 percent in the treatment group). Prophylactic cranial irradiation 
also increased disease-free survival (relative risk=0.75, 95% confidence 
interval=0.65 to 0.86, P<0.001) and decreased the risk of brain metastases 
(relative risk=0.46, 95% confidence interval=0.38 to 0.57, P<0.001). Increasing 
doses of irradiation decreased the risk of brain metastases when four groups (8 
Gy, 24-25 Gy, 30 Gy, 36-40 Gy) were analyzed [trend test, P=0.02], but the 
effect on survival did not differ significantly according to the dose. We found 
a trend (P=0.01) for a decrease in the brain metastasis risk in favour of 
earlier administration of cranial irradiation after the initiation of induction 
treatment.
AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Prophylactic cranial irradiation significantly improves 
survival and disease-free survival for patients with small cell lung cancer in 
complete remission. Further clinical trials are needed to confirm the potential 
greater benefit on brain metastasis rate suggested when cranial irradiation is 
given earlier or at higher doses.

DOI: 10.1002/14651858.CD002805.pub2
PMCID: PMC6491193
PMID: 29409126 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1077. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncol Res. 2018 Oct 17;26(9):1327-1334. doi: 10.3727/096504018X15165493852990. 
Epub 2018 Jan 31.

[ARTICLE WITHDRAWN] MicroRNA-18a Targets IRF2 and CBX7 to Promote Cell 
Proliferation in Hepatocellular Carcinoma.

Yongyu Z(1), Lewei Y(2), Jian L(3), Yuqin S(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Interventional Radiology, the Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun 
Yat-sen University, Xiangzhou District, Zhuhai, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, the Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun 
Yat-sen University, Xiangzhou District, Zhuhai, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Infectious Diseases, the Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun 
Yat-sen University, Xiangzhou District, Zhuhai, P.R. China.
(4)Department of Nursing, the Fifth Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen 
University, Xiangzhou District, Zhuhai, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    10.3727/096504018X15165493852990.

THIS ARTICLE WAS WITHDRAWN BY THE PUBLISHER IN NOVEMBER 2020.

DOI: 10.3727/096504018X15165493852990
PMCID: PMC7844746
PMID: 29386090


1078. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Oncol Pharm Pract. 2018 Sep;24(6):NP2-NP8. doi: 10.1177/1078155218755548. Epub 
2018 Jan 31.

RETRACTED: Cost-utility analysis of trastuzumab combined with Docetaxel for 
patients with HER-2 positive metastatic breast cancer - real world claim data.

Leung HW(1), Chan AL(2), Wang SY(3).

Author information:
(1)1 Department of Radiation Oncology, An Nan Hospital, China Medical 
University, Tainan, Taiwan.
(2)2 Department of Pharmacy, An-Nan Hospital, China Medical University, Tainan, 
Taiwan.
(3)3 Department of Radiology, An-Nan Hospital, China Medical University, Tainan, 
Taiwan.

Retraction in
    J Oncol Pharm Pract. 2018 Sep;24(6):NP1. doi: 10.1177/1078155218790179.

DOI: 10.1177/1078155218755548
PMID: 29385882


1079. Eur J Pain. 2018 May;22(5):961-972. doi: 10.1002/ejp.1182. Epub 2018 Jan 26.

Gene transfer of a naked plasmid (pUDK-HGF) encoding human hepatocyte growth 
factor attenuates skin/muscle incision and retraction-induced chronic 
post-surgical pain in rats.

Hu C(1)(2), Lu Y(1), Chen X(1), Wu Z(1)(3), Zhang Q(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Experimental Hematology, Beijing Institute of Radiation 
Medicine, China.
(2)International Academy of Targeted Therapeutics and Innovation, Chongqing 
University of Arts and Sciences, China.
(3)College of Life Science and Bioengineering, Beijing University of Technology, 
China.

BACKGROUND: Chronic post-surgical pain (CPSP) remains a major clinical problem 
and is often refractory to current treatments. New analgesic medications and 
strategies for pain relief are needed. Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) is known 
to be a multi-functional growth factor and regulates various biological 
activities.
METHODS: We investigated the analgesic effect and underlying mechanism of 
plasmid pUDK-HGF encoding human HGF gene on CPSP induced by skin/muscle incision 
and retraction (SMIR) in rats. The possible changes of inflammatory factors, 
glial cell activation and pain sensitivity after pUDK-HGF administration were 
investigated by ELISA, western blot and Von Frey tests, respectively.
RESULTS: In behavioural assays, we found that a single intramuscular or 
intrathecal injection of pUDK-HGF significantly attenuated mechanical 
hypersensitivity to von Frey stimulation of plantar ipsilateral hind paw after 
SMIR. Intramuscular injection of pUDK-HGF promoted blood flow and proliferation 
of satellite cells and inhibited inflammatory cells recruitment, collagen 
accumulation and expression of pronociceptive factors. Intrathecal injection of 
pUDK-HGF inhibited activation of spinal glial cells and production of 
inflammatory mediators induced by SMIR.
CONCLUSIONS: pUDK-HGF has a strong analgesic potency and efficacy in CPSP 
induced by SMIR in rats. This study highlights a new strategy for the treatment 
of CPSP.
SIGNIFICANCE: The CPSP occurs following various surgical procedures and remains 
a major clinical problem due to the lack of study on the mechanisms of CPSP. Our 
findings provide the first evidence that pUDK-HGF attenuates SMIR-induced pain 
behaviuors through peripheral or central mechanisms. The peripheral analgesic 
effect of pUDK-HGF is associated with promoting tissue repair and inhibiting 
inflammatory response; furthermore, pUDK-HGF inhibits activation of spinal glial 
cells and overexpression of inflammatory mediators in spinal cord. Therefore, 
naked pUDK-HGF may be a potential therapeutic strategy for treatment of CPSP in 
clinic.

© 2018 European Pain Federation - EFIC®.

DOI: 10.1002/ejp.1182
PMID: 29377496 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1080. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Hematology. 2019 Dec;24(1):521-525. doi: 10.1080/10245332.2018.1423880. Epub 
2018 Jan 17.

Retracted article: Adjuvant radiotherapy in patients with diffuse large B-cell 
lymphoma in advanced stage (III/IV) improves the outcome in the rituximab era.

Avilès A(1), Nambo MJ(2), Calva A(3), Neri N(2), Cleto S(2), Silva L(2).

Author information:
(1)a Oncology Research Unit, Oncology Hospital National Medical Center, IMSS , 
Mexico D.F. , Mexico.
(2)b Department of Hematology , Oncology Hospital National Medical Center, IMSS 
, Mexico D.F. , Mexico.
(3)c Department of Radiotherapy , Oncology Hospital National Medical Center, 
IMSS , Mexico D.F. , Mexico.

Retraction in
    Hematology. 2019 Dec;24(1):526. doi: 10.1080/16078454.2019.1634346.

Statement of Retraction: Adjuvant radiotherapy in patients with diffuse large 
B-cell lymphoma in advanced stage (III/IV) improves the outcome in the rituximab 
era We, the Editor[s] and Publisher of Hematology, have retracted the following 
article: Avilès, A, Nambo, M-J, Calva, A, et al. Adjuvant radiotherapy in 
patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma in advanced stage (III/IV) improves 
the outcome in the rituximab era. Hematology. 2019;24:507-511; DOI: 
10.1080/10245332.2018.1423880 The above article has been retracted as a result 
of concerns regarding the data upon which the presented research has been based. 
After re-examination and several independent expert reviews the consensus is 
that the data and results are not reliable and therefore the article must be 
retracted. The authors have agreed with this decision. We have been informed in 
our decision-making by our policy on publishing ethics and integrity and the 
COPE guidelines on retractions. The retracted article will remain online to 
maintain the scholarly record, but it will be digitally watermarked on each page 
as "Retracted".

DOI: 10.1080/10245332.2018.1423880
PMID: 29338665


1081. Catheter Cardiovasc Interv. 2018 Jul;92(1):54-57. doi: 10.1002/ccd.27480. Epub 
2018 Jan 4.

Robotic-assisted transradial diagnostic coronary angiography.

Swaminathan RV(1), Rao SV(1).

Author information:
(1)Durham VA Medical Center, 508 Fulton Street, Durham, North Carolina, 27705.

Robotic percutaneous coronary interventions have recently been introduced in the 
cardiac catheterization laboratory. Robotics offers benefits of greater 
precision for stent placement and occupational hazard protection for operators 
and staff. First generation systems were able to advance and retract coronary 
wires, balloons, and stents, but did not have guide control functions. The 
second-generation robotic system (CorPath GRX) has an active guide management 
function offering the ability to move guide catheters. Expanding utilization of 
robotics to perform diagnostic coronary angiography would further reduce 
radiation scatter exposure and other occupational hazards to operators. This 
approach is particularly appealing in the setting of radial access, as universal 
radial diagnostic catheters can engage both the right and left coronary arteries 
without exchange. We describe here, the first two cases of such a procedure with 
the CorPath GRX robotic system.

© 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/ccd.27480
PMID: 29314560 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1082. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biochim Biophys Acta Mol Cell Biol Lipids. 2018 Mar;1863(3):313-322. doi: 
10.1016/j.bbalip.2017.12.012. Epub 2018 Jan 3.

FASN-TGF-β1-PD-L1 axis contributes to the development of resistance to NK cell 
cytotoxicity of cisplatin-resistant lung cancer cells.

Shen M(1), Tsai Y(2), Zhu R(1), Keng PC(2), Chen Y(3), Chen Y(4), Lee SO(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY 14642, USA; Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, 
The Second Affiliated Hospital of Soochow University, Suzhou, Jiangsu 215004, PR 
China.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY 14642, USA.
(3)Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, The Second Affiliated Hospital of 
Soochow University, Suzhou, Jiangsu 215004, PR China.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY 14642, USA. Electronic address: 
Yuhchyau_Chen@urmc.rochester.edu.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Rochester School of Medicine 
and Dentistry, Rochester, NY 14642, USA. Electronic address: 
Soook_Lee@urmc.rochester.edu.

Retraction in
    Biochim Biophys Acta Mol Cell Biol Lipids. 2021 Aug;1866(8):158946. doi: 
10.1016/j.bbalip.2021.158946.

Cisplatin remains the most effective therapy for non-small cell lung cancer 
(NSCLC). We previously have found cisplatin-resistant lung cancer cells 
(A549CisR and H157CisR) were more resistant to natural killer (NK) cell-mediated 
cytotoxicity than parental cells. We also discovered that fatty acid synthase 
(FASN) levels in cisplatin-resistant cells were significantly higher than in 
parental cells. To reveal whether a link exists between the up-regulated FASN 
levels and higher resistance to NK cell cytotoxicity, we performed inhibition 
studies using a FASN inhibitor and applied the FASN knockdown approach. In both 
approaches, we found that the FASN inhibition/knockdown significantly increased 
the susceptibility of cisplatin-resistant cells to NK cell cytotoxicity. We 
further found such decreased susceptibility was associated with an increased 
programmed death receptor ligand (PD-L1) level in cisplatin-resistant cells. In 
mechanisms studies, TGF-β1 was found to be the FASN downstream signaling 
molecule that was responsible for modulating the PD-L1 levels in 
cisplatin-resistant cells. Accordingly, TGF-β1 inhibition resulted in 
significantly increased susceptibility of cisplatin-resistant cells to NK cell 
cytotoxicity. We suggest that the inhibition of FASN-TGFβ1-PD-L1 axis may 
improve the efficacy of immunotherapy in treating cisplatin-resistant lung 
cancer.

Copyright © 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.bbalip.2017.12.012
PMID: 29306075 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1083. Orbit. 2018 Oct;37(5):344-347. doi: 10.1080/01676830.2017.1423358. Epub 2018 Jan 
5.

Autologous fat graft in irradiated orbit postenucleation for retinoblastoma.

Klinger F(1), Maione L(2), Vinci V(2), Lisa A(2), Barbera F(2), Balia L(3), 
Caviggioli F(1), Di Maria A(3).

Author information:
(1)a Reconstructive and Aesthetic Plastic Surgery School-MultiMedica Holding 
S.p.A.- Plastic Surgery Unit-Sesto San Giovanni , University of Milan , Milan , 
Italy.
(2)b Department of Medical Biotechnology and Translational Medicine 
BIOMETRA-Plastic Surgery Unit, Humanitas Research Hospital , University of 
Milan, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Plastic Surgery School , Milan , Rozzano , 
Italy.
(3)c Ophthalmology Unit , Humanitas Research Hospital , Milan , Rozzano , Italy.

Autologous fat grafting has been extensively and successfully adopted in a 
number of pathologic conditions in regenerative surgery especially on irradiated 
fields in order to improve pain symptoms and tissue trophism promoting scar 
release. In the present study, we report our experience with autologous fat 
grafting for the treatment of postirradiation fibrosis and pain on three 
consecutive patients undergoing orbital enucleation for locally advanced 
retinoblastoma (RB) and subsequent radiotherapy. We selected three consecutive 
patients who underwent orbital enucleation for locally advanced RB and 
subsequent local radiotherapy showing severe reduction in orbital volume and 
eyelid length and retraction due to fibrosis, spontaneous local pain exacerbated 
after digital pressure with no possibility to place an ocular implant. They 
underwent autologous fat grafting in the orbital cavity and results were 
evaluated by clinical examination at 5 and 14 days, and 1, 3, 6 months, and 
1 year after surgery. A significant release of scar retraction, reduction of 
fibrosis and orbital rim contraction together with an important improvement of 
pain symptoms was observed in all patients. The local changes observed enabled 
an ease placement of an ocular prosthetic implant (implant). No local or 
systemic complication occurred. Fat grafting is a promising treatment for 
patients showing radiotherapy related complication in the orbital area and it 
should be adopted by all oculoplastic surgeon in order to improve pain syndrome 
creating the ideal local conditions for the placement of an ocular prosthetic 
implant.

DOI: 10.1080/01676830.2017.1423358
PMID: 29303387 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1084. J Hematol Oncol. 2018 Jan 4;11(1):2. doi: 10.1186/s13045-017-0544-6.

Retraction Note to: Decreased expression of the long noncoding RNA LINC00261 
indicate poor prognosis in gastric cancer and suppress gastric cancer metastasis 
by affecting the epithelial-mesenchymal transition.

Fan Y(1), Wang YF(2), Su HF(3), Fang N(1), Zou C(1), Li WF(3), Fei ZH(4).

Author information:
(1)Cancer Institute, The Affiliated People's Hospital of Jiangsu University, 
Zhenjiang, People's Republic of China.
(2)Department of Pathology, the First People's Hospital of Yangzhou/The Second 
Clinical Medical College, Yangzhou University, Yangzhou, People's Republic of 
China.
(3)Radiotherapy and Chemotherapy Department, The 1st Affiliated Hospital of 
Wenzhou Medical University, Wenzhou, China.
(4)Radiotherapy and Chemotherapy Department, The 1st Affiliated Hospital of 
Wenzhou Medical University, Wenzhou, China. hui-y@163.com.

Retraction of
    J Hematol Oncol. 2016 Jul 21;9(1):57. doi: 10.1186/s13045-016-0288-8.

The authors have retracted this article [1] because of significant overlap of 
text and some images with a previously published article by Xu et al. [2]. A 
formal investigation by the 1st Affiliated Hospital of Wenzhou Medical 
University has found that some panels in Fig. 6b [1] are identical with panels 
in Fig. 5a [2] and some images of mice lungs in Fig. 6c [1] are identical with 
images in Fig. 3g [2]. The data reported in this article are therefore 
unreliable. All authors agree to this retraction.

DOI: 10.1186/s13045-017-0544-6
PMCID: PMC5755150
PMID: 29301540


1085. Nature. 2017 Dec 21;552(7685):315-324. doi: 10.1038/d41586-017-07763-y.

Nature's 10.

Ledford H, Castelvecchi D, Dolgin E, Reardon S, Gibney E, Phillips N, Witze A.

DOI: 10.1038/d41586-017-07763-y
PMID: 29293224 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1086. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncol Rep. 2018 Mar;39(3):977-984. doi: 10.3892/or.2017.6156. Epub 2017 Dec 15.

hsa-miR-212 modulates the radiosensitivity of glioma cells by targeting BRCA1.

He X(1), Fan S(1).

Author information:
(1)Tianjin Key Laboratory of Radiation Medicine and Molecular Nuclear Medicine, 
Institute of Radiation Medicine, Peking Union Medical College and Chinese 
Academy of Medical Sciences, Tianjin 300192, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Oncol Rep. 2024 Dec;52(6):159. doi: 10.3892/or.2024.8818.

Radioresistance remains a major challenge in the treatment of glioma, and the 
response of patients to radio-therapy varies considerably. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) 
are involved in various biological processes. The purpose of the present study 
was to investigate miRNAs involved in the response to radiation in glioma cell 
lines. Total RNA was isolated from human glioma U251 cells 30 min after γ-ray 
exposure and hybridized to an miRNA chip array. miRNA expression profiles were 
analyzed by quantitative real-time PCR. pcDNA3/EGFP-miR-212 mimic transfection 
was used to verify the function of miR-212 in colony formation tests, and the 
effect of miR-212 overexpression on U251 cells was examined by western blot 
analysis of apoptosis-related proteins (Bcl-2, Bax, caspase-3 and cytochrome c). 
The target genes of miR-212 were predicted using bioinformatic tools including 
miRNA databases, and breast cancer susceptibility gene 1 (BRCA1) was selected 
for further confirmation by EGFP fluorescence reporter and loss- and 
gain-of-function assays. Of the 16 candidate miRNAs showing altered expression, 
five were assessed by real-time PCR; miR-212 was identified as contributing to 
the radioresistance of glioma cells and was shown to attenuate radiation-induced 
apoptosis. miR-212 negatively regulated BRCA1 expression by interacting with its 
3'-untranslated region, suggesting a correlation between BRCA1 expression and 
radiosensitivity in glioma cells. U-118MG and SHG-44 cell lines were used to 
confirm these observations. The response of glioma cells to radiation involves 
the miR-212-mediated modulation of BRCA1 gene expression, suggesting that the 
miR-212/BRCA1 axis may play a potential role in the radiotherapy of gliomas.

DOI: 10.3892/or.2017.6156
PMCID: PMC5802039
PMID: 29286157 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1087. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Med Rep. 2018 Mar;17(3):3979-3986. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2017.8350. Epub 2017 Dec 
27.

MicroRNA-454 inhibits non‑small cell lung cancer cells growth and metastasis via 
targeting signal transducer and activator of transcription-3.

Liu S(1), Ge X(2), Su L(2), Zhang A(3), Mou X(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Yantaishan Hospital, Yantai, Shandong 264001, 
P.R. China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Yantaishan Hospital, Yantai, Shandong 264001, 
P.R. China.
(3)Department of Outpatient, Yantaishan Hospital, Yantai, Shandong 264001, P.R. 
China.

Retraction in
    Mol Med Rep. 2022 Aug;26(2):252. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2022.12768.

Lung cancer is one of the most common type of cancers and the leading cause of 
cancer‑related mortality worldwide. Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) accounts 
for >80% of lung cancer cases. Emerging studies have suggested that microRNAs 
are dysregulated in NSCLC and serve important roles in NSCLC initiation and 
development. However, to the best of our knowledge, the expression, roles and 
molecular mechanism of microRNA‑454 (miR‑454) have not been investigated in 
NSCLC. In the present study, miR‑454 was demonstrated to be significantly 
downregulated in NSCLC tissues and cell lines, as assessed by western blot 
analysis and reverse transcription‑quantitative polymerase chain reaction. 
Reduced miR‑454 expression was significantly correlated with aggressive 
clinicopathological features in NSCLC. In addition, upregulation of miR‑454 
suppressed proliferation, migration and invasion NSCLC cells, as assessed by 
Cell Counting Kit‑8 and in vitro migration and invasion assays, respectively. 
Furthermore, bioinformatics analysis identified STAT3 as a direct target gene of 
miR‑454, and STAT3 knockdown was demonstrated to simulate the effects of miR‑454 
overexpression in NSCLC. In conclusion, the present study provided convincing 
evidence that miR‑454 is downregulated in NSCLC, and regulates growth and 
metastasis by directly targeting STAT3, which suggests that miR‑454 may be an 
efficient therapeutic target for NSCLC.

DOI: 10.3892/mmr.2017.8350
PMID: 29286124 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1088. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Environ Int. 2018 Mar;112:174-182. doi: 10.1016/j.envint.2017.12.026. Epub 2017 
Dec 22.

WITHDRAWN: Cytogenetics alteration in adult men involved in the recycling of 
electronic wastes.

Du Y(1), Wang Y(1), Du L(1), Xu C(1), Ji K(1), Wang J(1), Liu Q(1).

Author information:
(1)Institute of Radiation Medicine, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences & Peking 
Union Medical College, Tianjin Key Laboratory of Molecular Nuclear Medicine, 
Tianjin, China.

Retraction in
    Environ Int. 2018 Mar;112:R1. doi: 10.1016/j.envint.2018.03.045.

DOI: 10.1016/j.envint.2017.12.026
PMID: 29275243


1089. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Rep. 2017 Dec 21;7(1):18017. doi: 10.1038/s41598-017-18334-6.

Therapeutic effect of molecular hydrogen in corneal UVB-induced oxidative stress 
and corneal photodamage.

Cejka C(1), Kossl J(1)(2), Hermankova B(1)(2), Holan V(1)(2), Kubinova S(1), 
Zhang JH(3), Cejkova J(4).

Author information:
(1)Institute of Experimental Medicine of the Czech Academy of Sciences, 14220, 
Prague 4, Czech Republic.
(2)Faculty of Natural Science, Charles University, Vinicna 7, 12843, Prague 2, 
Czech Republic.
(3)Loma Linda University School of Medicine, Loma Linda, CA, 92350, USA.
(4)Institute of Experimental Medicine of the Czech Academy of Sciences, 14220, 
Prague 4, Czech Republic. cejkova@biomed.cas.cz.

Retraction in
    Sci Rep. 2021 Apr 23;11(1):9257. doi: 10.1038/s41598-021-89085-8.

The aim of this study is to examine whether molecular hydrogen (H2) is able to 
reduce oxidative stress after corneal damage induced by UVB irradiation. We 
previously found that UVB irradiation of the cornea caused the imbalance between 
the antioxidant and prooxidant enzymes in the corneal epithelium, followed by 
the imbalance between metalloproteinases and their physiological inhibitors 
(imbalances in favour of prooxidants and metalloproteinases) contributing to 
oxidative stress and development of the intracorneal inflammation. Here we 
investigate the effect of H2 dissolved in PBS in the concentration 0.5 ppm 
wt/vol, applied on rabbit corneas during UVB irradiation and healing (UVB doses 
1.01 J/cm2 once daily for four days). Some irradiated corneas remained untreated 
or buffer treated. In these corneas the oxidative stress appeared, followed by 
the excessive inflammation. Malondiladehyde and peroxynitrite expressions were 
present. The corneas healed with scar formation and neovascularization. In 
contrast, in H2 treated irradiated corneas oxidative stress was suppressed and 
malondiladehyde and peroxynitrite expressions were absent. The corneas healed 
with the restoration of transparency. The study provides the first evidence of 
the role of H2 in prevention of oxidative and nitrosative stress in UVB 
irradiated corneas, which may represent a novel prophylactic approach to corneal 
photodamage.

DOI: 10.1038/s41598-017-18334-6
PMCID: PMC5740126
PMID: 29269749 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing 
interests.


1090. Ochsner J. 2017 Winter;17(4):438-441.

Invasive Insular Thyroid Carcinoma Presenting as Nonparalytic Dysphonia.

Raggio BS(1), Barton BM(1), Grant MC(1), Fornadley JA(2), Marino JP(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery, Tulane University 
School of Medicine, New Orleans, LA.
(2)Department of Otolaryngology, Ochsner Clinic Foundation, New Orleans, LA.

BACKGROUND: Patients with suspected thyroid malignancy often undergo 
preoperative laryngeal examination with a focus on vocal fold mobility. We 
present the unique case of a patient with invasive thyroid carcinoma who 
presented with dysphonia despite intact vocal fold motion.
CASE REPORT: A 73-year-old female with a remote thyroid lobectomy presented with 
dysphonia. Thyroid ultrasound and fine-needle aspiration revealed a 1.1-cm 
nodule consistent with a colloid cyst. Videostroboscopy demonstrated mild 
laryngeal stenosis at the glottis and infraglottis with no evidence of 
paralysis. After failed medical therapy, the patient underwent microlaryngoscopy 
with biopsy of her infraglottic fullness, with histopathology reporting squamous 
epithelium without nucelar atypia. After several weeks of worsening dysphonia 
and persistent infraglottic fullness, she underwent repeat microlaryngoscopy 
with biopsy. On postoperative day 1, she developed dyspnea and stridor 
refractory to maximal medical management. To secure the airway, she underwent an 
awake tracheostomy, during which the thyroid isthmus was found to be densely 
adherent to the larynx. Histopathology identified insular thyroid carcinoma. 
Subsequent imaging confirmed a large, invasive thyroid tumor. Further workup 
revealed metastases to the bone and liver. The patient underwent a successful 
palliative resection of the thyroid followed by neck radiation and received 
palliative spinal surgery with adjuvant radiation. A clinical trial of 
vandetanib was initiated but withdrawn because of myelosuppression. She deferred 
any further treatment and was alive with few symptoms despite persistent disease 
1.5 years after initial diagnosis.
CONCLUSION: Physicians should consider the diagnosis of invasive thyroid 
carcinoma in a dysphonic patient with an infiltrative endolaryngeal process 
despite intact vocal fold mobility.

PMCID: PMC5718461
PMID: 29230133


1091. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Cell Physiol. 2018 Oct;233(10):6603-6612. doi: 10.1002/jcp.26311. Epub 2018 
Apr 17.

Long non-coding RNA (LncRNA) RMST in triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC): 
Expression analysis and biological roles research.

Wang L(1), Liu D(2), Wu X(1), Zeng Y(3), Li L(1), Hou Y(1), Li W(1), Liu Z(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Yunnan Cancer Hospital and The Third 
Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan, China.
(2)Department of Breast Surgery, Yunnan Cancer Hospital and The Third Affiliated 
Hospital of Kunming Medical University, Kunming, Yunnan, China.
(3)Institute of Molecular and Clinical Medicine, Kunming Medical University, 
Kunming, Yunnan, China.

Retraction in
    J Cell Physiol. 2024 Aug 26. doi: 10.1002/jcp.31318.

Microarray showed that lncRNA RMST was differentially expressed in cervical 
cancer. Further experiments were conducted to detect the expression and 
biological function of RMST in triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC). Microarray 
was used to screen the differentially expressed lncRNAs in TNBC. QRT-PCR was 
applied to uncover the expression of RMST in TNBC tissues. The cell viability of 
RMST-transfected TNBC cells were probed by CKK-8 assay and colony formation 
assay. TUNEL assay was conducted to test the cell apoptosis and FCM assay was 
exerted to detect the cell cycle. The invasion and migration ability of 
transfected cells were examined by transwell assay. RMST played its biological 
function through regulating the mRNA or protein expression in cytoplasm. CCK-8 
and colony formation assay unveiled that RMST could slow down the proliferation 
of TNBC cells to influence the tumor progression. TUNEL results revealed that 
RMST could enhance cell apoptosis in TNBC. The cell cycle detected by FCM assay 
indicated that RMST might induce the block of G0/G1 phase thus inhibiting TNBC 
cell proliferation. RMST overexpression could also restrain the invasion and 
migration abilities of TNBC cells. RMST played a role of tumor suppressor in 
TNBC through inhibiting cell proliferation, invasion and migration, enhancing 
cell apoptosis, and regulating cell cycle.

© 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/jcp.26311
PMID: 29215701 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1092. J Environ Radioact. 2018 Feb;182:85-94. doi: 10.1016/j.jenvrad.2017.11.019. Epub 
2017 Dec 1.

Fate of (137)Cs, (90)Sr and (239+240)Pu in soil profiles at a water recharge 
site in Basel, Switzerland.

Abraham J(1), Meusburger K(2), Waldis JK(2), Ketterer ME(3), Zehringer M(4).

Author information:
(1)State-Laboratory Basel-City, Kannenfeldstrasse 2, CH-4056 Basel, Switzerland.
(2)Environmental Geosciences, University of Basel, Bernoullistrasse 30, 4056 
Basel, Switzerland.
(3)Metropolitan State University of Denver, Department of Chemistry, Campus Box 
52, Denver, CO 80217-3362, USA.
(4)State-Laboratory Basel-City, Kannenfeldstrasse 2, CH-4056 Basel, Switzerland. 
Electronic address: markus.zehringer@bs.ch.

An important process in the production of drinking water is the recharge of the 
withdrawn ground water with river water at protected recharge fields. While it 
is well known that undisturbed soils are efficiently filtering and adsorbing 
radionuclides, the goal of this study was to investigate their behaviour in an 
artificial recharge site that may receive rapid and additional input of 
radionuclides by river water (particularly when draining a catchment including 
nuclear power plants (NPP)). Soil profiles of recharge sites were drilled and 
analysed for radionuclides, specifically radiocesium (137Cs), radiostrontium 
(90Sr) and plutonium (239+240Pu). The distribution of the analysed radionuclides 
were compared with an uncultivated reference soil outside the recharge site. The 
main activity of 137Cs was located in the top soil (4.5-7.5 cm) and reached down 
to a depth of 84 cm and 48 cm for the recharge and the reference site, 
respectively. The found activities of 239+240Pu originate from the global 
fallout after 1950. 239+240Pu appeared to be strongly adsorbed onto soil 
particles. The shape of the depth profile was similar to 137Cs, but also similar 
between the recharge and the reference site. In contrast, 90Sr showed a uniform 
distribution over the entire depth of the recharge and reference profiles 
indicating that 90Sr already entered the gravel zone and the ground water. 
Elevated inventories of the radionuclides were observed for the recharge site. 
The soil of the recharge field exhibited a threefold higher activity of 137Cs 
compared to the reference soil. Also for 239+240Pu higher inventories where 
observed for the recharge sites (40%). 90Sr behaved differently, showing similar 
inventories between reference and recharge site. We estimate that 75-89% of the 
total inventory of 137Cs in the soil at the recharge site (7.000 Bq/m2) 
originated from the fallout of the Chernobyl accident and from emissions of 
Swiss NPPs. This estimate is based on the actual activity ratio of 
137Cs/239+240Pu of 22 for global fallout. The investigations identified 
radiostrontium as potential threat to the ground water.

Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jenvrad.2017.11.019
PMID: 29202373 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1093. PLoS One. 2017 Nov 30;12(11):e0187919. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0187919. 
eCollection 2017.

Light from dark: A relictual troglobite reveals a broader ancestral distribution 
for kimulid harvestmen (Opiliones: Laniatores: Kimulidae) in South America.

Pérez-González A(1), Ceccarelli FS(1), Monte BGO(2)(3), Proud DN(1), DaSilva 
MB(4), Bichuette ME(3).

Author information:
(1)División Aracnología, Museo Argentino de Ciencias Naturales "Bernardino 
Rivadavia"-CONICET, Buenos Aires, Argentina.
(2)Programa de Pós-Graduação em Ecologia e Recursos Naturais, Universidade 
Federal de São Carlos, Rodovia Washington Luis, São Carlos, Brasil.
(3)Departamento de Ecologia e Biologia Evolutiva, Universidade Federal de São 
Carlos, Rodovia Washington Luis, São Carlos, Brasil.
(4)Departamento de Sistemática e Ecologia, Universidade Federal da Paraíba, 
Paraíba, Brasil.

A new troglobitic harvestman, Relictopiolus galadriel gen. nov et sp. nov., is 
described from Olhos d'Água cave, Itacarambi, Minas Gerais State, Brazil. 
Morphological characters, including male genitalia and exomorphology, suggest 
that this species belongs to the family Kimulidae, and it appears to share the 
greatest similarities with Tegipiolus pachypus. Bayesian inference analyses of a 
molecular dataset strongly support the inclusion of this species in Kimulidae 
and confirm the hypothesized sister-group relationship between R. galadriel and 
T. pachypus. A time calibrated phylogeny indicates that these sister-taxa 
diverged from a common ancestor approximately 40 Mya, during the Paleogene. The 
current range of Kimulidae illustrates a remarkable disjunct distribution, and 
leads us to hypothesize that the ancestral distribution of Kimulidae was once 
much more widespread across eastern Brazil. This may be attributed to the Eocene 
radiation associated with the warming (and humidifying) events in the Cenozoic 
when the best conditions for evergreen tropical vegetation in South America were 
established and followed by the extinction of kimulid epigean populations 
together with the retraction of rain forests during the Oligocene to Miocene 
cooling. The discovery of this relictual troglobite indicates that the Olhos 
d'Água cave was a stable refugium for this ancient lineage of kimulids and acted 
as a "museum" of biodiversity. Our findings, considered collectively with the 
diverse troglofauna of the Olhos d'Água cave, highlight it as one of the most 
important hotspots of troglobite diversity and endemism in the Neotropics. Given 
the ecological stresses on this habitat, the cavernicolous fauna are at risk of 
extinction and we emphasize the urgent need for appropriate conservation 
actions. Finally, we propose the transfer of Acanthominua, Euminua, Euminuoides 
and Pseudominua from Kimulidae to Zalmoxidae, resulting in two new synonymies 
and 13 new combinations.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0187919
PMCID: PMC5708626
PMID: 29190302 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Competing Interests: The authors have declared 
that no competing interests exist.


1094. Eur Heart J Cardiovasc Imaging. 2018 Oct 1;19(10):1174-1178. doi: 
10.1093/ehjci/jex304.

Automated lipid-rich plaque detection with short wavelength infra-red OCT 
system.

Shimokado A(1), Kubo T(1), Nishiguchi T(1), Katayama Y(1), Taruya A(1), Ohta 
S(1), Kashiwagi M(1), Shimamura K(1), Kuroi A(1), Kameyama T(1), Shiono Y(1), 
Yamano T(1), Matsuo Y(1), Kitabata H(1), Ino Y(1), Hozumi T(1), Tanaka A(1), 
Akasaka T(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cardiovascular Medicine, Wakayama Medical University, 
Kimiidera, Wakayama, Japan.

AIMS: Vulnerable coronary plaque is characterized by a large lipid core. 
Although commercially-available optical coherence tomography (OCT) systems use 
near-infrared light at 1300 nm wavelength, lipid shows characteristic absorption 
at 1700 nm. Therefore, we developed a novel, short wavelength infra-red, 
spectroscopic, spectral-domain OCT. The aim of the present study is to evaluate 
the accuracy of short wavelength (1700 nm) infra-red optical coherence 
tomography (SWIR-OCT) for identification of lipid tissue within coronary 
plaques.
METHODS AND RESULTS: Twenty-three coronary arteries from 10 cadavers were imaged 
at physiological pressure with 2.7 Fr SWIR-OCT catheter. When a blood-free image 
was observed, the SWIR-OCT imaging core was withdrawn at a rate of 20 mm/s using 
an automatic pullback device. SWIR-OCT images were acquired at 94 frames/s and 
digitally archived. SWIR-OCT generated grey-scale cross sectional images and 
colour tissue maps of all of the plaque by using a lipid analysis algorithm. 
After SWIR-OCT imaging, the arteries were pressure-fixed, sliced by cryostat and 
stained with Oil Red O, and then corresponding histology was collected in 
matched images. Regions of interest, selected from histology, were 117 lipidic 
and 34 fibrotic/calcified regions. SWIR-OCT showed high sensitivity (89%) and 
specificity (92%) for identifying lipid tissue within coronary plaques. The 
positive predictive value and negative predictive value were 97% and 74%, 
respectively.
CONCLUSION: SWIR-OCT accurately identified lipid tissue in coronary autopsy 
specimens. This new technique may hold promise for identifying histopathological 
features of coronary plaque at risk for rupture.

DOI: 10.1093/ehjci/jex304
PMID: 29186546 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1095. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Physiol Biochem. 2017;44(3):1251-1262. doi: 10.1159/000485455. Epub 2017 
Nov 28.

VEGF-A/Neuropilin 1 Pathway Confers Cancer Stemness via Activating Wnt/β-Catenin 
Axis in Breast Cancer Cells.

Zhang L(1), Wang H(2), Li C(1), Zhao Y(2), Wu L(2), Du X(2), Han Z(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncological Radiotherapy, the Second Affiliated Hospital Of 
Xuzhou Medical University, Xuzhou, China.
(2)Department of Oncology, the Affiliated Hospital of Xuzhou Medical University, 
Xuzhou, China.

Retraction in
    Cell Physiol Biochem. 2022 Jun 30;56(3):318. doi: 10.33594/000000542.

BACKGROUND/AIMS: Targeting cancer stem cells (CSCs) is emerging as a promising 
method for cancer treatment. We previously indicated that knockdown of 
Neuropilin 1(NRP-1) could inhibit breast cancer cell proliferation. Here, we 
continue exploring the roles and mechanisms of VEGF-A/NRP-1 axis in breast CSCs 
formation.
METHODS: qRT-PCR was used to detect the levels of VEGF-A and NRP-1 in breast 
cancer sphere cells and wild-type cells. Mammospheres formation, flow cytometry, 
soft agar colony and tumor formation assays were performed to evaluate the 
effects of VEGF-A/NRP-1 on breast cancer stemness. Further HUVECs tube 
formation, cell invasion assays were carried out to detect the effects of 
VEGF-A/NRP-1 on breast cancer spheres-induced angiogenesis. Finally, Annexin 
V/PI apoptosis and CCK8 assays were used to detect the effects of VEGF-A/NRP-1 
on chemoresistance.
RESULTS: Overexpression of VEGF-A or NRP-1 conferred CSCs-related traits in 
MCF-7 cells, while knockdown of VEGF-A or NRP-1 reduced CSCs-related traits in 
MDA-MB-231 cells in vitro and in vivo. Notably, VEGF-A acted in a NRP-1 
dependent way. Mechanistically, the VEGF-A/NRP-1 axis conferred CSCs phenotype 
via activating Wnt/β-catenin pathway.
CONCLUSION: our results suggest that VEGF-A/NRP-1 axis could confer CSCs-related 
traits and chemoresistance.

© 2017 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.

DOI: 10.1159/000485455
PMID: 29179185 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1096. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Physiol Biochem. 2017;44(3):920-934. doi: 10.1159/000485360. Epub 2017 Nov 
24.

Elevated Expression of Zinc Finger Protein 703 Promotes Cell Proliferation and 
Metastasis through PI3K/AKT/GSK-3β Signalling in Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma.

Wang H(1), Deng X(2), Zhang J(1), Ou Z(1), Mai J(1), Ding S(3), Huo S(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, The Third Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou 
Medical University, Guangzhou, China.
(2)Department of Medical Oncology, Affiliated Cancer Hospital of Guangzhou 
Medical University, Guangzhou, China.
(3)Department of Ultrasound, Dongguan People's Hospital Affiliated to Southern 
Medical University, Dongguan, China.
(4)Department of otorhinolaryngology of Nanfang Hospital, Southern Medical 
University, Guangzhou, China.

Retraction in
    Cell Physiol Biochem. 2021;55(1):138. doi: 10.33594/000000347.

BACKGROUND/AIMS: Zinc finger protein 703 (ZNF703), initially identified as a 
novel oncogene in human breast cancer, is a member of the NET/NlZ family of zinc 
finger transcription factors. It is recognized that the overexpression of ZNF703 
is associated with various types of human cancers, but the role and molecular 
mechanism of ZNF703 in oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) are unknown.
METHODS: ZNF703 expression levels were examined in OSCC tissues and 
non-cancerous tissues by qRT-PCR and immunohistochemistry (IHC). The molecular 
mechanisms of ZNF703 and its effects on cell growth and metastasis were explored 
in vitro and in vivo using the CCK8 assay, colony formation assay, cell cycle 
analysis, migration and invasion assays, wound-healing assay, western blotting 
and xenograft experiments in nude mice.
RESULTS: In this study, ZNF703 was found to be upregulated in OSCC tissues 
compared to that in normal tissues at both mRNA and protein levels, and its 
expression level was closely correlated with the overall survival of patients 
with OSCC. Silencing of the ZNF703 gene in OSCC cells significantly inhibited 
cell growth and metastasis in vitro and in vivo. Conversely, the overexpression 
of ZNF703 in OSCC cells promoted cancer growth and metastasis in vitro. 
Mechanistically, ZNF703 activated the PI3K/AKT/GSK-3β signalling pathway and its 
downstream effectors, thus regulating the cell cycle and epithelial-mesenchymal 
transition (EMT). Furthermore, the promotive effects of ZNF703 on cellular 
proliferation and metastasis could be rescued by LY294002 (a PI3K-specific 
inhibitor) and MK2206 (an Akt-specific inhibitor).
CONCLUSION: The results show that ZNF703 promotes cell growth and metastasis 
through PI3K/Akt/GSK-3β signalling in OSCC and that it may be a promising target 
in the treatment of patients with OSCC.

© 2017 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.

DOI: 10.1159/000485360
PMID: 29176314 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1097. Water Res. 2018 Feb 1;129:347-356. doi: 10.1016/j.watres.2017.11.033. Epub 2017 
Nov 14.

Identification of mutagenic transformation products generated during oxidation 
of 3-methyl-4-nitrophenol solutions by orbitrap tandem mass spectrometry and 
quantitative structure-activity relationship analyses.

Matsushita T(1), Honda S(2), Kuriyama T(2), Fujita Y(2), Kondo T(2), Matsui 
Y(3), Shirasaki N(3), Takanashi H(4), Kameya T(5).

Author information:
(1)Faculty of Engineering, Hokkaido University, N13W8, Sapporo 060-8628, Japan. 
Electronic address: taku-m@eng.hokudai.ac.jp.
(2)Graduate School of Engineering, Hokkaido University, N13W8, Sapporo 060-8628, 
Japan.
(3)Faculty of Engineering, Hokkaido University, N13W8, Sapporo 060-8628, Japan.
(4)Faculty of Science and Engineering, Kagoshima University, 1-21-40 Korimoto, 
Kagoshima 890-0065, Japan.
(5)Faculty of Environment and Information Sciences, Yokohama National 
University, 79-7 Tokiwadai, Hodogaya, Yokohama 240-8501, Japan.

We used Ames assays to investigate the effects of ozonation (designated O3), 
ozonation followed by chlorination (O3/Cl), an advanced oxidation process (AOP, 
UV/H2O2), and AOP followed by chlorination (AOP/Cl) on the mutagenicity of 
solutions of 3-methyl-4-nitrophenol (3M4NP), a major environmental degradation 
product of the organophosphorus insecticide fenitrothion. Whereas O3 did not 
induce mutagenicity, O3/Cl, AOP, and AOP/Cl converted 3M4NP into mutagenic 
transformation products (TPs). Using liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry, we 
detected a total of 138 peaks in the solutions subjected to O3/Cl, AOP, and 
AOP/Cl. To elucidate the TPs responsible for the observed mutagenicity, we 
performed simple regression analyses of the relationship between the area of 
each peak and the observed mutagenicity of samples withdrawn periodically during 
each oxidation process. The area of each of 10 peaks was found to be positively 
correlated (r2 ≥ 0.8) with the observed mutagenicity, suggesting that the TPs 
corresponding to these peaks contributed to the mutagenicity. After taking into 
account the consistency of mutagenicity induction by the oxidation processes and 
analyzing the peaks by tandem mass spectrometry, we identified 3 TPs, 
corresponding to 6 peaks, as candidate mutagens. These TPs were assessed by 
means of 4 quantitative structure-activity relationship (QSAR) models, and all 3 
were predicted to be mutagenic by at least one model. This result was consistent 
with our assumption that these TPs were mutagens. Ames assays of an authentic 
sample of one of the 3 TPs revealed that it did not contribute to the 
mutagenicity. This left 3-methoxy-4-nitrophenol and 
2-[(E)-[(2,5-dihydroxyphenyl) methylidene]amino]-5-dihydroxybenzaldehyde on the 
list of mutagens suspected of contributing to the mutagenicity induced by AOP. 
No TPs were identified as candidate mutagens responsible for the mutagenicity 
induced by O3/Cl and AOP/Cl.

Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.watres.2017.11.033
PMID: 29169108 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1098. Oncotarget. 2017 Sep 23;8(52):90579-90604. doi: 10.18632/oncotarget.21234. 
eCollection 2017 Oct 27.

Interactions between TGF-β1, canonical WNT/β-catenin pathway and PPAR γ in 
radiation-induced fibrosis.

Vallée A(1)(2), Lecarpentier Y(3), Guillevin R(4), Vallée JN(2)(5).

Author information:
(1)Experimental and Clinical Neurosciences Laboratory, INSERM U1084, University 
of Poitiers, Poitiers, France.
(2)Laboratory of Mathematics and Applications (LMA), UMR CNRS 7348, University 
of Poitiers, Poitiers, France.
(3)Centre de Recherche Clinique, Grand Hôpital de l'Est Francilien (GHEF), 
Meaux, France.
(4)DACTIM, UMR CNRS 7348, University of Poitiers et CHU de Poitiers, Poitiers, 
France.
(5)CHU Amiens Picardie, University of Picardie Jules Verne (UPJV), Amiens, 
France.

Radiation therapy induces DNA damage and inflammation leading to fibrosis. 
Fibrosis can occur 4 to 12 months after radiation therapy. This process worsens 
with time and years. Radiation-induced fibrosis is characterized by fibroblasts 
proliferation, myofibroblast differentiation, and synthesis of collagen, 
proteoglycans and extracellular matrix. Myofibroblasts are non-muscle cells that 
can contract and relax. Myofibroblasts evolve towards irreversible retraction 
during fibrosis process. In this review, we discussed the interplays between 
transforming growth factor-β1 (TGF-β1), canonical WNT/β-catenin pathway and 
peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR γ) in regulating the 
molecular mechanisms underlying the radiation-induced fibrosis, and the 
potential role of PPAR γ agonists. Overexpression of TGF-β and canonical 
WNT/β-catenin pathway stimulate fibroblasts accumulation and myofibroblast 
differentiation whereas PPAR γ expression decreases due to the opposite 
interplay of canonical WNT/β-catenin pathway. Both TGF-β1 and canonical 
WNT/β-catenin pathway stimulate each other through the Smad pathway and non-Smad 
pathways such as phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/serine/threonine kinase 
(PI3K/Akt) signaling. WNT/β-catenin pathway and PPAR γ interact in an opposite 
manner. PPAR γ agonists decrease β-catenin levels through activation of 
inhibitors of the WNT pathway such as Smad7, glycogen synthase kinase-3 (GSK-3 
β) and dickkopf-related protein 1 (DKK1). PPAR γ agonists also stimulate 
phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN) expression, which decreases both TGF-β1 
and PI3K/Akt pathways. PPAR γ agonists by activating Smad7 decrease Smads 
pathway and then TGF-β signaling leading to decrease radiation-induced fibrosis. 
TGF-β1 and canonical WNT/β-catenin pathway promote radiation-induced fibrosis 
whereas PPAR γ agonists can prevent radiation-induced fibrosis.

DOI: 10.18632/oncotarget.21234
PMCID: PMC5685775
PMID: 29163854

Conflict of interest statement: CONFLICTS OF INTEREST The authors declare no 
conflicts of interest.


1099. J Anat. 2018 Feb;232(2):173-185. doi: 10.1111/joa.12742. Epub 2017 Nov 21.

Building trophic specializations that result in substantial niche partitioning 
within a young adaptive radiation.

Hernandez LP(1), Adriaens D(2), Martin CH(3), Wainwright PC(4), Masschaele B(5), 
Dierick M(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Biological Sciences, The George Washington University, 
Washington, DC, USA.
(2)Evolutionary Morphology of Vertebrates, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.
(3)Department of Biology, University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, Chapel 
Hill, NC, USA.
(4)Department of Evolution & Ecology, University of California, Davis, Davis, 
CA, USA.
(5)Department of Subatomic and Radiation Physics, Ghent University, Ghent, 
Belgium.

Dietary partitioning often accompanies the increased morphological diversity 
seen during adaptive radiations within aquatic systems. While such niche 
partitioning would be expected in older radiations, it is unclear how 
significant morphological divergence occurs within a shorter time period. Here 
we show how differential growth in key elements of the feeding mechanism can 
bring about pronounced functional differences among closely related species. An 
incredibly young adaptive radiation of three Cyprinodon species residing within 
hypersaline lakes in San Salvador Island, Bahamas, has recently been described. 
Characterized by distinct head shapes, gut content analyses revealed three 
discrete feeding modes in these species: basal detritivory as well as derived 
durophagy and lepidophagy (scale-feeding). We dissected, cleared and stained, 
and micro-CT scanned species to assess functionally relevant differences in 
craniofacial musculoskeletal elements. The widespread feeding mode previously 
described for cyprinodontiforms, in which the force of the bite may be secondary 
to the requisite dexterity needed to pick at food items, is modified within both 
the scale specialist and the durophagous species. While the scale specialist has 
greatly emphasized maxillary retraction, using it to overcome the poor 
mechanical advantage associated with scale-eating, the durophage has instead 
stabilized the maxilla. In all species the bulk of the adductor musculature is 
composed of AM A1. However, the combined masses of both adductor mandibulae (AM) 
A1 and A3 in the scale specialist were five times that of the other species, 
showing the importance of growth in functional divergence. The scale specialist 
combines plesiomorphic jaw mechanisms with both a hypertrophied AM A1 and a 
slightly modified maxillary anatomy (with substantial functional implications) 
to generate a bite that is both strong and allows a wide range of motion in the 
upper jaw, two attributes that normally tradeoff mechanically. Thus, a 
significant feeding innovation (scale-eating, rarely seen in fishes) may evolve 
based largely on allometric changes in ancestral structures. Alternatively, the 
durophage shows reduced growth with foreshortened jaws that are stabilized by an 
immobile maxilla. Overall, scale specialists showed the most divergent 
morphology, suggesting that selection for scale-biting might be stronger or act 
on a greater number of traits than selection for either detritivory or 
durophagy. The scale specialist has colonized an adaptive peak that few lineages 
have climbed. Thus, heterochronic changes in growth can quickly produce 
functionally relevant change among closely related species.

© 2017 Anatomical Society.

DOI: 10.1111/joa.12742
PMCID: PMC5770325
PMID: 29161774 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1100. Prog Biophys Mol Biol. 2017 Nov 14:S0079-6107(17)30132-3. doi: 
10.1016/j.pbiomolbio.2017.11.002. Online ahead of print.

WITHDRAWN: Treatment of cancer by low intensity laser radiation therapy.

Abo-Neima SE(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of physics, Faculty of Science, Damanhour University, Egypt. 
Electronic address: sahar_amr2002@yahoo.com.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal (http://www.elsevier.com/locate/withdrawalpolicy). The Editorial 
Board of Progress in Biophysics and Molecular Biology retracts this paper due to 
an accusation of plagiarism. After careful review, the Editorial Board believes 
sufficient evidence exists to support this accusation. The author does not 
dispute the fact that: (i) The paper "Treatment of cancer by low intensity laser 
radiation therapy" -- which was submitted to Progress in Biophysics and 
Molecular Biology (PBMB) in June 2017, and which was accepted for publication 
(http://doi.org/10.1016/j.pbiomolbio.2017.11.002)-- has been published 
previously in near-identical form. (ii) The previous publication appeared in the 
June 2017 issue of Cancer Biology (http://doi.org/10.7537/marscbj070217.11). 
(iii) The author explains that this is an administrative mix-up with another 
paper published in Cancer Biology in September 2017 
(http://doi.org/10.7537/marscbj070317.03). The article duplicates significant 
paragraphs from the other published article. As such this article represents a 
severe abuse of the scientific publishing system. The scientific community takes 
a very strong view on this matter and apologies are offered to readers of the 
journal that this was not detected during the submission process.

Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.pbiomolbio.2017.11.002
PMID: 29154796


1101. Abdom Radiol (NY). 2018 Jul;43(7):1723-1738. doi: 10.1007/s00261-017-1391-1.

Pictorial essay: imaging findings following Y90 radiation segmentectomy for 
hepatocellular carcinoma.

Mora RA(1), Ali R(1), Gabr A(1), Abouchaleh N(1), Asadi AA(1), Kallini JR(1), 
Miller FH(2), Yaghmai V(2), Mouli S(1), Thornburg B(1), Desai K(1), Riaz A(1), 
Lewandowski RJ(1)(3)(4), Salem R(5)(6)(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Section of Interventional Radiology, Northwestern 
Memorial Hospital, Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center, 676 N. St. 
Clair, Suite 800, Chicago, IL, 60611, USA.
(2)Department of Radiology, Section of Body Imaging, Northwestern Memorial 
Hospital, Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center, Chicago, IL, USA.
(3)Department of Surgery, Division of Transplantation, Comprehensive Transplant 
Center, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL, USA.
(4)Department of Medicine, Division of Hematology and Oncology, Robert H. Lurie 
Comprehensive Cancer Center, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL, USA.
(5)Department of Radiology, Section of Interventional Radiology, Northwestern 
Memorial Hospital, Robert H. Lurie Comprehensive Cancer Center, 676 N. St. 
Clair, Suite 800, Chicago, IL, 60611, USA. r-salem@northwestern.edu.
(6)Department of Surgery, Division of Transplantation, Comprehensive Transplant 
Center, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL, USA. r-salem@northwestern.edu.
(7)Department of Medicine, Division of Hematology and Oncology, Robert H. Lurie 
Comprehensive Cancer Center, Northwestern University, Chicago, IL, USA. 
r-salem@northwestern.edu.

Transarterial radioembolization is a novel therapy that has gained rapid 
clinical acceptance for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). 
Segmental radioembolization [also termed radiation segmentectomy (RS)] is a 
technique that can deliver high doses (> 190 Gy) of radiation selectively to the 
hepatic segment(s) containing the tumor. The aim of this comprehensive review is 
to provide an illustrative summary of the most relevant imaging findings 
encountered after radiation segmentectomy. A 62-patient cohort of Child-Pugh A 
patients with solitary HCC < 5 cm in size was identified. A comprehensive 
retrospective imaging review was done by interventional radiology staff at our 
institution. Important imaging findings were reported and illustrated in a 
descriptive account. For the purposes of completeness, specific patients outside 
our initial cohort with unique educational imaging features that also underwent 
segmentectomy were included in this pictorial essay. This review shows that 
response assessment after RS requires a learning curve with common drawbacks 
that can lead to false-positive interpretations and secondary unnecessary 
treatments. It is important to recognize that treatment responses and 
pathological changes both are time dependent. Findings such as benign 
geographical enhancement and initial benign pathological enhancement can easily 
be misinterpreted. Capsular retraction and segmental atrophy are some other 
examples of unique post-RS response that are not seen in any other treatment.

DOI: 10.1007/s00261-017-1391-1
PMID: 29147766 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1102. Food Chem Toxicol. 2018 Jan;111:114-124. doi: 10.1016/j.fct.2017.11.015. Epub 
2017 Nov 10.

Intravasation of SW620 colon cancer cell spheroids through the blood endothelial 
barrier is inhibited by clinical drugs and flavonoids in vitro.

Holzner S(1), Brenner S(2), Atanasov AG(3), Senfter D(1), Stadler S(1), Nguyen 
CH(1), Fristiohady A(4), Milovanovic D(1), Huttary N(1), Krieger S(1), 
Bago-Horvath Z(1), de Wever O(5), Tentes I(6), Özmen A(7), Jäger W(2), Dolznig 
H(8), Dirsch VM(3), Mader RM(9), Krenn L(3), Krupitza G(10).

Author information:
(1)Clinical Institute of Pathology, Medical University of Vienna, Austria.
(2)Department of Clinical Pharmacy and Diagnostics, University of Vienna, A-1090 
Vienna, Austria.
(3)Department of Pharmacognosy, Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Vienna, 
A-1090 Vienna, Austria.
(4)Clinical Institute of Pathology, Medical University of Vienna, Austria; 
Department of Clinical Pharmacy and Diagnostics, University of Vienna, A-1090 
Vienna, Austria.
(5)Department of Radiation Oncology and Experimental Cancer Research, Ghent 
University, Ghent B-9000, Belgium.
(6)Department of Biochemistry, Medical School, Democritus University of Thrace, 
681 00 Dragana/Alexandroupolis, Greece.
(7)Adnan Menderes University, Faculty of Science and Art, Department of Biology, 
09010 Aydin, Turkey.
(8)Department of Medical Genetics, Medical University of Vienna, A-1090 Vienna, 
Austria.
(9)Department of Medicine I, Comprehensive Cancer Center of the Medical 
University of Vienna, A-1090 Vienna, Austria.
(10)Clinical Institute of Pathology, Medical University of Vienna, Austria. 
Electronic address: georg.krupitza@meduniwien.ac.at.

Mechanisms how colorectal cancer (CRC) cells penetrate blood micro-vessel 
endothelia and metastasise is poorly understood. To study blood endothelial cell 
(BEC) barrier breaching by CRC emboli, an in vitro assay measuring BEC-free 
areas underneath SW620 cell spheroids, so called "circular chemorepellent 
induced defects" (CCIDs, appearing in consequence of endothelial retraction), 
was adapted and supported by Western blotting, EIA-, EROD- and luciferase 
reporter assays. Inhibition of ALOX12 or NF-κB in SW620 cells or BECs, 
respectively, caused attenuation of CCIDs. The FDA approved drugs vinpocetine 
[inhibiting ALOX12-dependent 12(S)-HETE synthesis], ketotifen [inhibiting 
NF-κB], carbamazepine and fenofibrate [inhibiting 12(S)-HETE and NF-κB] 
significantly attenuated CCID formation at low μM concentrations. In the 
5-FU-resistant SW620-R/BEC model guanfacine, nifedipine and proadifen inhibited 
CCIDs stronger than in the naïve SW620/BEC model. This indicated that in SW620-R 
cells formerly silent (yet unidentified) genes became expressed and targetable 
by these drugs in course of resistance acquisition. Fenofibrate, and the 
flavonoids hispidulin and apigenin, which are present in medicinal plants, 
spices, herbs and fruits, attenuated CCID formation in both, naïve- and 
resistant models. As FDA-approved drugs and food-flavonoids inhibited 
established and acquired intravasative pathways and attenuated BEC 
barrier-breaching in vitro, this warrants testing of these compounds in CRC 
models in vivo.

Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.fct.2017.11.015
PMID: 29129665 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1103. J Nucl Med Technol. 2017 Nov 10:jnmt.117.199133. doi: 10.2967/jnmt.117.199133. 
Online ahead of print.

Validation of an ergonomic method to withdraw [(99m)Tc] radiopharmaceuticals.

Blondeel-Gomes S(1), Marie S(1), Fouque J(1), Loyeau S(1), Madar O(1), Lokiec 
F(1).

Author information:
(1)Institut Curie, France.

The main objective of the present work was to ensure quality of 
radiopharmaceuticals syringes withdrawn with a "Spinal needle/obturator 
In-Stopper" system. Methods: Visual examinations and physicochemical tests are 
performed at T0 and T+4h for [99mTc]albumin nanocolloid and T+7h for 
[99mTc]eluate, [99mTc] HydroxyMethylene DiPhosphonate and [99mTc]Human Serum 
Albumin. Microbiological validation was performed according to European 
pharmacopoeia. Fingertip radiation exposure was evaluated to confirm the safety 
of the system. Results: Results show stable visual and physicochemical 
properties. The integrity of the connector was not affected after 30 punctures 
(no cores). No microbiological contamination was found on tested syringes. 
Conclusion: The system could be used 30 times. The stability of syringes drawing 
with this method is guaranteed up to 4 hours for [99mTc]albumin nanocolloid and 
7 hours for [99mTc]eluate, [99mTc]HydroxyMethylene DisPhosphonate and 
[99mTc]Human serum albumin.

Copyright © 2017 by the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging, Inc.

DOI: 10.2967/jnmt.117.199133
PMID: 29127252


1104. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Biomark. 2018 Feb 6;21(2):489-498. doi: 10.3233/CBM-170802.

The targeted regulation of Gli1 by miR-361 to inhibit epithelia-mesenchymal 
transition and invasion of esophageal carcinoma cells.

Lin P(1), Pang Q(1), Wang P(1), Lv X(2), Liu L(2), Li A(2).

Author information:
(1)Radiotherapy Department, Tianjin Medical University Cancer Hospital, Tianjin, 
China.
(2)Ocology Department, Chengde Medical College Affiliated Hospital, Chengde, 
Hebei, China.

Retraction in
    Cancer Biomark. 2020;29(1):165. doi: 10.3233/CBM-200902.

Epithelia-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is critical for invasion and metastasis 
of esophageal carcinoma. Gli1, a transcriptional factor in Hedgehog pathway, is 
correlated with EMT, invasion and metastasis of tumors. However, its role in 
esophageal cancer is still unknown. Bioinformatics analysis revealed 
relationship between microRNA (miR)-361 and 3'-UTR of Gli1 gene. This study thus 
investigated the role of miR-361 and Gli1 in invasion and metastasis of 
esophageal cancer. Both tumor and adjacent tissues were collected from 58 
esophageal cancer patients to test the expressions of miR-361 and Gli1, the 
relationship of which was confirmed by dual-luciferase reporter gene assay. 
Cultured esophageal cancer cells EC9706 were transfected with mimic NC, miR-361 
mimic, si-NC, si-Gli1, miR-361 mimics+si-Glil, pQC or pQC-FU-Gli1. Transwell and 
colony formation assays were performed for cell invasion and 
attachment-independent growth. Expressions of Gli1, Snail, E-cadherin and 
N-cadherin proteins were revealed by Western blotting. The expression of Gli1 
was significantly elevated in esophageal cancer tissues, along with lower 
miR-361 expression which was correlated with TNM stage. MiR-361 inhibited the 
expression of Gli1 via targeting on 3'-UTR of Gli1 gene. The transfection of 
miR-361 mimics and/or si-Gli1 significantly suppressed the growth of malignant 
cells. The over-expression of miR-361 and/or silencing of Gli1 decreased 
intracellular expression of Gli1, Snail and N-cadherin, and increased E-cadherin 
expression to suppress EMT and invasion of tumor cells while the opposite 
effects were obtained by over-expression of Gli1. Abnormal elevation of Gli1 and 
decrease of miR-361 were found in esophageal cancer tissues. MiR-361 weakened 
invasion of cancer cells and impeded EMT process via the inhibition of Gli1.

DOI: 10.3233/CBM-170802
PMID: 29125483 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1105. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncotarget. 2017 Aug 18;8(46):80757-80769. doi: 10.18632/oncotarget.20358. 
eCollection 2017 Oct 6.

Overexpression of microRNA-132 enhances the radiosensitivity of cervical cancer 
cells by down-regulating Bmi-1.

Liu GF(1), Zhang SH(2), Li XF(3), Cao LY(1), Fu ZZ(2), Yu SN(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun 130033, P.R. China.
(2)Operating Room, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University, Changchun 
130033, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Anesthesiology, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun 130033, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Oncotarget. 2023 May 04;14:398. doi: 10.18632/oncotarget.28413.

We examined the effects of microRNA-132 (miR-132) on Bmi-1 expression and 
radiosensitivity in HeLa, SiHa, and C33A cervical cancer (CC) cells and 104 CC 
patients. MiR-132 expression was decreased and Bmi-1 expression was increased in 
tumor tissues compared to adjacent normal tissues and in radiotherapy-resistant 
patients compared to radiotherapy-sensitive patients. MiR-132 expression and 
Bmi-1 mRNA expression were also negatively correlated in tumor tissues. HeLa, 
SiHa, and C33A cells were divided into blank, miR-132 negative control (NC), 
miR-132 inhibitor, miR-132 mimics, siBmi-1, and miR-132 inhibitor + siBmi-1 
groups, after which expression of miR-132 and Bmi-1, and the interaction between 
them and cell survival, proliferation, and apoptosis were examined. Bmi-1 was 
confirmed as a target of miRNA-132. Survival was higher and apoptosis lower in 
the miR-132 inhibitor group than the blank group after various doses of 
radiation. By contrast, survival was lower and apoptosis higher in the miRNA-132 
mimics and siBmi-1 groups than in the blank group. Moreover, miR-132 expression 
increased and Bmi-1 mRNA expression decreased in each group at radiation doses 
of 6 and 8 Gy. Finally, co-administration of radiotherapy and exogenous miR-132 
inhibited the growth of HeLa cell transplant-induced tumors in nude mice more 
effectively than radiotherapy alone. These results suggest overexpression of 
miR-132 enhances the radiosensitivity of CC cells by down-regulating Bmi-1 and 
that miR-132 may be a useful new target for the treatment of CC.

DOI: 10.18632/oncotarget.20358
PMCID: PMC5655237
PMID: 29113342

Conflict of interest statement: CONFLICTS OF INTEREST The authors declare no 
conflicts of interest.


1106. FEBS J. 2018 Feb;285(3):444-466. doi: 10.1111/febs.14320. Epub 2017 Nov 27.

Detect, correct, retract: How to manage incorrect structural models.

Wlodawer A(1), Dauter Z(2), Porebski PJ(3), Minor W(3), Stanfield R(4), 
Jaskolski M(5)(6), Pozharski E(7)(8), Weichenberger CX(9), Rupp B(9)(10).

Author information:
(1)Protein Structure Section, Macromolecular Crystallography Laboratory, 
National Cancer Institute, Frederick, MD, USA.
(2)Synchrotron Radiation Research Section, Macromolecular Crystallography 
Laboratory, National Cancer Institute, Argonne National Laboratory, IL, USA.
(3)Department of Molecular Physiology and Biological Physics, University of 
Virginia, Charlottesville, VA, USA.
(4)Department of Structural and Computational Biology, BCC206, The Scripps 
Research Institute, La Jolla, CA, USA.
(5)Department of Crystallography, Faculty of Chemistry, A. Mickiewicz 
University, Poznan, Poland.
(6)Center for Biocrystallographic Research, Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, 
Polish Academy of Sciences, Poznan, Poland.
(7)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Maryland 
School of Medicine, Baltimore, MD, USA.
(8)Institute for Bioscience and Biotechnology Research, Rockville, MD, USA.
(9)CVMO, k.-k.Hofkristallamt, Vista, CA, USA.
(10)Department of Genetic Epidemiology, Medical University Innsbruck, Austria.

The massive technical and computational progress of biomolecular crystallography 
has generated some adverse side effects. Most crystal structure models, produced 
by crystallographers or well-trained structural biologists, constitute useful 
sources of information, but occasional extreme outliers remind us that the 
process of structure determination is not fail-safe. The occurrence of severe 
errors or gross misinterpretations raises fundamental questions: Why do such 
aberrations emerge in the first place? How did they evade the sophisticated 
validation procedures which often produce clear and dire warnings, and why were 
severe errors not noticed by the depositors themselves, their supervisors, 
referees and editors? Once detected, what can be done to either correct, improve 
or eliminate such models? How do incorrect models affect the underlying claims 
or biomedical hypotheses they were intended, but failed, to support? What is the 
long-range effect of the propagation of such errors? And finally, what 
mechanisms can be envisioned to restore the validity of the scientific record 
and, if necessary, retract publications that are clearly invalidated by the lack 
of experimental evidence? We suggest that cognitive bias and flawed epistemology 
are likely at the root of the problem. By using examples from the published 
literature and from public repositories such as the Protein Data Bank, we 
provide case summaries to guide correction or improvement of structural models. 
When strong claims are unsustainable because of a deficient crystallographic 
model, removal of such a model and even retraction of the affected publication 
are necessary to restore the integrity of the scientific record.

© 2017 Federation of European Biochemical Societies.

DOI: 10.1111/febs.14320
PMCID: PMC5799025
PMID: 29113027 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1107. J Clin Neurosci. 2018 Feb;48:102-103. doi: 10.1016/j.jocn.2017.10.077. Epub 2017 
Nov 3.

Mycosis fungoides - A cutaneous lymphoproliferative disorder in a patient 
treated with fingolimod for multiple sclerosis.

Nitsan Z(1), Kucuk N(2), Appel S(3), Tichmanovich N(1), Osherov M(2), Milo R(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurology, Barzilai University Medical Center, Ashkelon, 
Israel; Faculty of Health Sciences, Ben Gurion University of the Negev, 
Beer-Sheva, Israel.
(2)Department of Neurology, Barzilai University Medical Center, Ashkelon, 
Israel.
(3)Department of Neurology, Barzilai University Medical Center, Ashkelon, 
Israel; Faculty of Health Sciences, Ben Gurion University of the Negev, 
Beer-Sheva, Israel. Electronic address: shmuela@bmc.gov.il.

Fingolimod was the first oral disease-modifying drug approved for the treatment 
of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (MS). It has previously been 
associated with rare cases of lymphoma. Here we describe the first case of 
mycosis fungoides - a cutaneous lymphoproliferative disorder, in an MS patient 
treated with fingolimod. who developed histologically confirmed mycosis 
fungoides 3 years after starting fingolimod. The drug was withdrawn and the 
patient was treated with radiotherapy and surgical excision with remission. This 
report points to a possible association between fingolimod and skin 
lymphoproliferative disorder and emphasizes the need for periodic skin 
examination.

Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jocn.2017.10.077
PMID: 29108666 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1108. Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2017 Nov 6;11(11):CD011987. doi: 
10.1002/14651858.CD011987.pub2.

Tumour bed boost radiotherapy for women after breast-conserving surgery.

Kindts I(1), Laenen A, Depuydt T, Weltens C.

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, University Hospitals Leuven, Leuven, 
Belgium, 3000.

Update of
    doi: 10.1002/14651858.CD011987.

BACKGROUND: Breast-conserving therapy, involving breast-conserving surgery 
followed by whole-breast irradiation and optionally a boost to the tumour bed, 
is a standard therapeutic option for women with early-stage breast cancer. A 
boost to the tumour bed means that an extra dose of radiation is applied that 
covers the initial tumour site. The rationale for a boost of radiotherapy to the 
tumour bed is that (i) local recurrence occurs mostly at the site of the primary 
tumour because remaining microscopic tumour cells are most likely situated 
there; and (ii) radiation can eliminate these causative microscopic tumour 
cells. The boost continues to be used in women at high risk of local recurrence, 
but is less widely accepted for women at lower risk. Reasons for questioning the 
boost are twofold. Firstly, the boost brings higher treatment costs. Secondly, 
the potential adverse events are not negligible. In this Cochrane Review, we 
investigated the effect of the tumour bed boost on local control and side 
effects.
OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects of tumour bed boost radiotherapy after 
breast-conserving surgery and whole-breast irradiation for the treatment of 
breast cancer.
SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Breast Cancer Specialised Register, the 
Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE (January 1966 
to 1 March 2017), Embase (1980 to 1 March 2017), the World Health Organization 
International Clinical Trials Registry Platform, and ClinicalTrials.gov on 1 
March 2017. We also searched the European Society of Radiotherapy and Oncology 
Annual Meeting, the St Gallen Oncology Conferences, and the American Society for 
Radiation Oncology Annual Meeting for abstracts.
SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials comparing the addition and the 
omission of breast cancer tumour bed boost radiotherapy.
DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors (IK and CW) performed data 
extraction and assessed risk of bias using Cochrane's 'Risk of bias' tool, 
resolving any disagreements through discussion. We entered data into Review 
Manager 5 for analysis and applied GRADE to assess the quality of the evidence.
MAIN RESULTS: We included 5 randomised controlled trials analysing a total of 
8325 women.Local control appeared to be better for women receiving a tumour bed 
boost compared to no tumour bed boost (hazard ratio (HR) 0.64, 95% confidence 
interval (CI) 0.55 to 0.75; 5 studies, 8315 women, low-quality evidence). 
Overall survival did not differ with or without a tumour bed boost (HR 1.04, 95% 
CI 0.94 to 1.14; 2 studies, 6342 women, moderate-quality evidence). Disease-free 
survival did not differ with or without a tumour bed boost (HR 0.94, 95% CI 0.87 
to 1.02; 3 studies, 6549 women, low-quality evidence). Late toxicity scored by 
means of percentage of breast retraction assessment did not differ with or 
without a tumour bed boost (mean difference 0.38, 95% CI -0.18 to 0.93; 2 
studies, 1526 women, very low-quality evidence). Cosmesis scored by a panel was 
better (i.e. excellent or good compared to fair or poor) in the no-boost group 
(odds ratio (OR) 1.41, 95% CI 1.07 to 1.85; 2 studies, 1116 women, low-quality 
evidence). Cosmesis scored by a physician did not differ with or without a 
tumour bed boost (OR 1.58, 95% CI 0.93 to 2.69; 2 studies, 592 women, very 
low-quality evidence).We excluded two studies in a sensitivity analysis of local 
recurrence (because the biological equivalent dose (BED) to the tumour bed was 
lower, in situ tumours were included, or there was a high risk of selective 
reporting bias or blinding of outcome assessment bias), which resulted in a HR 
of 0.62 (95% CI 0.52 to 0.73; 3 studies, 6963 women, high-quality evidence). 
Subgroup analysis including women older than 40 years of age yielded a HR of 
0.65 (95% CI 0.53 to 0.81; 2 studies, 5058 women, high-quality evidence).We 
found no data for the outcomes of acute toxicity, quality of life, or costs.
AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: It appears that local control rates are increased with the 
boost to the tumour bed, but we found no evidence of a benefit for other 
oncological outcomes. Subgroup analysis including women older than 40 years of 
age yielded similarly significant results. Objective percentage of breast 
retraction assessment appears similar between groups. It appears that the 
cosmetic outcome is worse with the boost to the tumour bed, but only when 
measured by a panel, not when assessed by a physician.

DOI: 10.1002/14651858.CD011987.pub2
PMCID: PMC6486034
PMID: 29105051 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: IK: None known.  AL: None known.  TD: None 
known.  CW: None known.


1109. Am J Orthod Dentofacial Orthop. 2017 Nov;152(5):622-630. doi: 
10.1016/j.ajodo.2017.03.023.

Effects of low-level laser irradiation on the rate of orthodontic tooth movement 
and associated pain with self-ligating brackets.

Qamruddin I(1), Alam MK(2), Mahroof V(3), Fida M(4), Khamis MF(5), Husein A(6).

Author information:
(1)Orthodontic Department, Baqai Medical University, Karachi, Pakistan. 
Electronic address: drirfan_andani@yahoo.com.
(2)Orthodontic Department, College of Dentistry, Al Jouf University, Sakaka, 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Electronic address: dralam@gmail.com.com.
(3)Orthodontic Department, Baqai Medical University, Karachi, Pakistan.
(4)Section of Dental Surgery, Department of Surgery, Aga Khan University, 
Karachi, Pakistan.
(5)Forensic Dentistry Unit, School of Dental Science, Universiti Sains Malaysia, 
Health Campus, Kota Bharu, Kelantan, Malaysia.
(6)Prosthodontic Unit, School of Dental Sciences, Universiti Sains Malaysia, 
Health Campus, Kota Bharu, Kelantan, Malaysia.

INTRODUCTION: The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of low-level 
laser irradiation applied at 3-week intervals on orthodontic tooth movement and 
pain associated with orthodontic tooth movement using self-ligating brackets.
METHODS: Twenty-two patients (11 male, 11 female; mean age, 19.8 ± 3.1 years) 
with Angle Class II Division 1 malocclusion were recruited for this split-mouth 
clinical trial; they required extraction of maxillary first premolars 
bilaterally. After leveling and alignment with self-ligating brackets (SmartClip 
SL3; 3M Unitek, St Paul, Minn), a 150-g force was applied to retract the canines 
bilaterally using 6-mm nickel-titanium closed-coil springs on 0.019 x 0.025-in 
stainless steel archwires. A gallium-aluminum-arsenic diode laser (iLas; 
Biolase, Irvine, Calif) with a wavelength of 940 nm in a continuous mode (energy 
density, 7.5 J/cm2/point; diameter of optical fiber tip, 0.04 cm2) was applied 
at 5 points buccally and palatally around the canine roots on the experimental 
side; the other side was designated as the placebo. Laser irradiation was 
applied at baseline and then repeated after 3 weeks for 2 more consecutive 
follow-up visits. Questionnaires based on the numeric rating scale were given to 
the patients to record their pain intensity for 1 week. Impressions were made at 
each visit before the application of irradiation at baseline and the 3 visits. 
Models were scanned with a CAD/CAM scanner (Planmeca, Helsinki, Finland).
RESULTS: Canine retraction was significantly greater (1.60 ± 0.38 mm) on the 
experimental side compared with the placebo side (0.79 ± 0.35 mm) (P <0.05). 
Pain was significantly less on the experimental side only on the first day after 
application of LLLI and at the second visit (1.4 ± 0.82 and 1.4 ± 0.64) compared 
with the placebo sides (2.2 ± 0.41 and 2.4 ± 1.53).
CONCLUSIONS: Low-level laser irradiation applied at 3-week intervals can 
accelerate orthodontic tooth movement and reduce the pain associated with it.

Copyright © 2017 American Association of Orthodontists. Published by Elsevier 
Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ajodo.2017.03.023
PMID: 29103440 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1110. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Medicine (Baltimore). 2017 Nov;96(44):e8414. doi: 10.1097/MD.0000000000008414.

Comparison of the effects of extracorporeal shock wave therapy and a vacuum 
erectile device on penile erectile dysfunction: a randomized clinical trial.

Qi T(1), Ye L, Wang B, Zhang B, Chen J.

Author information:
(1)Department of Infertility and Sexual Medicine, the Third Affiliated Hospital 
of Sun Yat-Sen University, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China.

Retraction in
    Medicine (Baltimore). 2018 Mar;97(12):e0262. doi: 
10.1097/MD.0000000000010262.

BACKGROUND: This randomized clinical trial (October 2012-December 2013) compared 
extracorporeal shock wave therapy (ESWT) and a vacuum erectile device (VED) for 
management of erectile dysfunction (ED).
METHODS: Consecutive Chinese patients (20-55 years) with ED, abnormal nocturnal 
penile tumescence and rigidity (NPTR), and international index of erectile 
function-5 items (IIEF-5) score <22 were randomized to receive ESWT or VED 
(twice weekly, 4 weeks). Primary outcomes were treatment efficacy and success 
rate 4 weeks after completion of therapy. Secondary outcomes included changes in 
IIEF-5 score, sex encounter profile (SEP) score, erection hardness score (EHS) 
and NPTR assessments 4 weeks post-therapy. All enrolled patients (n = 30 per 
group) completed the study. At baseline, age, IIEF-5 score, SEP score, EHS, and 
NPTR assessments were similar between groups.
RESULTS: Four weeks post-therapy, IIEF-5 score increased in the ESWT 
(15.03 ± 3.00 vs. 11.60 ± 2.28) and VED (15.10 ± 3.06 vs. 11.53 ± 2.27) groups, 
as did SEP score, EHS, and NPTR measures (all P < .05). Efficacy in the ESWT and 
VED groups was excellent in 10% and 13.3%, respectively, and moderate in 63.3% 
and 53.3%, respectively. Treatment success rate in the ESWT and VED groups was 
73.3% and 67.7%, respectively.
CONCLUSION: VED use and ESWT have comparable efficacies in the treatment of ED 
in Chinese patients.

DOI: 10.1097/MD.0000000000008414
PMCID: PMC5682793
PMID: 29095274 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors report no conflicts of interest.


1111. J Endourol Case Rep. 2017 Aug 1;3(1):108-110. doi: 10.1089/cren.2017.0061. 
eCollection 2017.

"Valve"-Type Retainment of Flexible Ureteroscope in the Distal Ureter.

Gadzhiev N(1), Grigoryev V(1), Okhunov Z(2), Nguyen N(2), Pisarev A(3), Hikmet 
B(1), Petrov S(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Urology, The Federal State Institute of Public Health "The 
Nikiforov Russian Center of Emergency and Radiation Medicine," Saint-Petersburg, 
Russian Federation.
(2)Department of Urology, University of California, Irvine, Orange, California.
(3)Department of Urology, National Pirogov Medical Surgical Centre, 
Saint-Petersburg, Russian Federation.

Introduction: Flexible ureteroscopy (fURS) is an endoscopic procedure for the 
minimally invasive treatment of ureteral and renal calculi. Due to improvements 
in technique and ureteroscopic instrumentation over the past two decades, 
complications associated with URS are infrequent. However, in the event of an 
unexpected device malfunction or failure, the operating surgeon must employ 
prompt, resolute decision-making to resolve any intraoperative complications and 
avoid significant injury to the kidney or ureter. Case Presentation: The patient 
was a 53-year-old male with a 7 mm left upper pole renal stone managed by fURS 
and laser lithotripsy. A ureteral access sheath (UAS) was not deployed during 
the procedure. During fragmentation of the stone, we were unexpectedly unable to 
retract the ureteroscope from the ureter. Herein, we describe the procedural 
details leading up to the complication and the careful maneuvering required to 
remove the ureteroscope without damaging the ureter or the instrument. 
Conclusions: We recommend use of a UAS during fURS for the treatment of ureteral 
and renal calculi, if not using ureter access sheath, not advancing the 
ureteroscope above the stone, leaving it behind the tip of the instrument, while 
in the ureter. Utilization of a ureter access sheath could have possibly avoided 
this kind of complication.

DOI: 10.1089/cren.2017.0061
PMCID: PMC5628562
PMID: 29082326

Conflict of interest statement: No competing financial interests exist.


1112. J Neurosurg. 2018 Jul;129(1):188-197. doi: 10.3171/2017.4.JNS162805. Epub 2017 
Oct 20.

Prevention of postoperative visual field defect after the occipital 
transtentorial approach: anatomical study.

Matsuo S(1)(2), Baydin S(2), Güngör A(2), Middlebrooks EH(3), Komune N(4), 
Iihara K(5), Rhoton AL(2).

Author information:
(1)1Department of Neurosurgery, Kyushu Central Hospital.
(2)2Department of Neurosurgery, University of Florida, College of Medicine, 
Gainesville, Florida; and.
(3)3Department of Radiology, University of Alabama at Birmingham, School of 
Medicine, Birmingham, Alabama.
(4)Departments of4Otolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery and.
(5)5Neurosurgery, Graduate School of Medical Sciences, Kyushu University, 
Fukuoka, Japan.

OBJECTIVE A postoperative visual field defect resulting from damage to the 
occipital lobe during surgery is a unique complication of the occipital 
transtentorial approach. Though the association between patient position and 
this complication is well investigated, preventing the complication remains a 
challenge. To define the area of the occipital lobe in which retraction is least 
harmful, the surface anatomy of the brain, course of the optic radiations, and 
microsurgical anatomy of the occipital transtentorial approach were examined. 
METHODS Twelve formalin-fixed cadaveric adult heads were examined with the aid 
of a surgical microscope and 0° and 45° endoscopes. The optic radiations were 
examined by fiber dissection and MR tractography techniques. RESULTS The 
arterial and venous relationships of the lateral, medial, and inferior surfaces 
of the occipital lobe were defined anatomically. The full course of the optic 
radiations was displayed via both fiber dissection and MR tractography. Although 
the stems of the optic radiations as exposed by both techniques are similar, the 
terminations of the fibers are slightly different. The occipital transtentorial 
approach provides access for the removal of lesions involving the splenium, 
pineal gland, collicular plate, cerebellomesencephalic fissure, and 
anterosuperior part of the cerebellum. An angled endoscope can aid in exposing 
the superior medullary velum and superior cerebellar peduncles. CONCLUSIONS 
Anatomical findings suggest that retracting the inferior surface of the 
occipital lobe may avoid direct damage and perfusion deficiency around the 
calcarine cortex and optic radiations near their termination. An accurate 
understanding of the course of the optic radiations and vascular relationships 
around the occipital lobe and careful retraction of the inferior surface of the 
occipital lobe may reduce the incidence of postoperative visual field defect.

DOI: 10.3171/2017.4.JNS162805
PMID: 29053071 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1113. Clin Med Insights Oncol. 2017 Oct 9;11:1179554917733449. doi: 
10.1177/1179554917733449. eCollection 2017.

Effect of Androgen Deprivation Therapy on Bone Mineral Density in a Prostate 
Cancer Cohort in New Zealand: A Pilot Study.

Wang A(1)(2), Karunasinghe N(2), Plank L(3), Zhu S(2), Osborne S(4), Bishop 
K(2), Brown C(5), Schwass T(6), Masters J(7), Holmes M(6), Huang R(8), Keven 
C(9), Ferguson L(1)(2), Lawrenson R(5).

Author information:
(1)Discipline of Nutrition and Dietetics, Faculty of Medical and Health 
Sciences, The University of Auckland, Auckland, New Zealand.
(2)Auckland Cancer Society Research Centre, Faculty of Medical and Health 
Sciences, The University of Auckland, Auckland, New Zealand.
(3)Department of Surgery, Faculty of Medical and Health Sciences, The University 
of Auckland, Auckland, New Zealand.
(4)Urology Department, North Shore Hospital, Auckland, New Zealand.
(5)National Institute of Demographic and Economic Analysis, The University of 
Waikato, Hamilton, New Zealand.
(6)Urology Department, Waikato Hospital, Hamilton, New Zealand.
(7)Urology Department, Auckland Hospital, Auckland, New Zealand.
(8)Department of Radiation Oncology, Waikato Hospital, Hamilton, New Zealand.
(9)Liggins Institute, The University of Auckland, Auckland, New Zealand.

INTRODUCTION: Reduction in bone mineral density (BMD) is a common side effect of 
androgen deprivation therapy (ADT). We aimed to examine the cross-sectional and 
longitudinal variation in BMD and associated bone markers in patients with 
nonmetastatic prostate cancer (PCa) managed with and without ADT.
METHODS: Bone mineral density of the total body, lumbar spine, femoral neck, 
ultradistal forearm, and one-third distal radius was measured in 88 patients 
with PCa without bone metastases at baseline and at 6 months. Patients were 
categorized into 4 groups: (1) acute ADT (≤6 months), (2) chronic ADT (>6 
months), (3) former ADT, and (4) no ADT (controls). Serum levels of bone 
metabolism markers, procollagen type I N-terminal propeptide (PINP) and 
C-terminal cross-linking telopeptide of type I collagen (CTX), were also 
measured.
RESULTS: In the cross-sectional analysis, men receiving chronic ADT had 
significantly lower total body BMD as compared with former ADT users and men 
with no ADT. In longitudinal analysis, a significant reduction in ultradistal 
forearm BMD was observed in both acute and chronic ADT users after 6 months 
(4.08% and 2.7%, P = .012 and .026, respectively). A significant reduction in 
total body BMD was observed in acute ADT users (2.99%, P = .032). Former ADT 
users had a significant increase in both lumbar spine and femoral neck BMD 
(2.84% and 1.59%, P = .008 and .002, respectively). The changes in BMD were not 
significantly different between acute and chronic ADT users. In the 
cross-sectional analysis, higher levels of PINP and CTX were observed in acute 
and chronic ADT users than former ADT users or PCa controls. In longitudinal 
analysis, the level of serum PINP and CTX did not change significantly from 
baseline to 6 months in acute, chronic, and former ADT users, or PCa controls, 
and the percentage change did not differ among the 4 groups.
CONCLUSIONS: Men on acute ADT had a similar rate of bone loss to men on chronic 
ADT. Reversibility in ADT-induced bone loss was observed in those who 
discontinued ADT. Serum levels of PINP and CTX were higher in acute and chronic 
ADT users and levels returned to the range of PCa controls when treatment was 
withdrawn.

DOI: 10.1177/1179554917733449
PMCID: PMC5638161
PMID: 29051709

Conflict of interest statement: Declaration of conflicting interests:The 
author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the 
research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.


1114. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Death Dis. 2017 Aug 31;8(8):e3024. doi: 10.1038/cddis.2017.407.

Cardamonin induces ROS-mediated G2/M phase arrest and apoptosis through 
inhibition of NF-κB pathway in nasopharyngeal carcinoma.

Li Y(1), Qin Y(1), Yang C(1), Zhang H(2), Li Y(3), Wu B(1), Huang J(1), Zhou 
X(1), Huang B(4)(5), Yang K(1), Wu G(1).

Author information:
(1)Cancer Center, Union Hospital, Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of 
Science and Technology, Wuhan 430022, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, Zhejiang Province People's Hospital, Hangzhou, 
Zhejiang, China.
(3)Department of Oncology, Renmin Hospital, Hubei University of Medicine, 
Shiyan, Hubei, China.
(4)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Tongji Medical College, 
Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, Hubei, China.
(5)State Key Laboratory of Medical Molecular Biology and Department of 
Immunology, Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Chinese Academy of Medical 
Sciences and Peking Union Medical College, Beijing, China.

Retraction in
    Cell Death Dis. 2019 Mar 27;10(4):289. doi: 10.1038/s41419-019-1482-8.

Cardamonin has been demonstrated to have an inhibitory effect in many cancers, 
but its underlying mechanism remains elusive. Here, we studied, for the first 
time, the mechanism of cardamonin-induced nasopharyngeal carcinoma cell death 
both in vitro and in vivo. In our study, we showed that cardamonin inhibited 
cancer cell growth by inducing G2/M phase cell cycle arrest and apoptosis via 
accumulation of ROS. NF-κB activation was involved in breaking cellular redox 
homeostasis. Therefore, our results provided new insight into the mechanism of 
the antitumor effect of cardamonin, supporting cardamonin as a prospective 
therapeutic drug in nasopharyngeal carcinoma by modulating intracellular redox 
balance.

DOI: 10.1038/cddis.2017.407
PMCID: PMC5596588
PMID: 29048425 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


1115. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2018 Nov 15;102(4):1063-1069. doi: 
10.1016/j.ijrobp.2017.08.022. Epub 2017 Aug 24.

Imaging Findings Within the First 12 Months of Hepatocellular Carcinoma Treated 
With Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy.

Mendiratta-Lala M(1), Gu E(2), Owen D(3), Cuneo KC(3), Bazzi L(3), Lawrence 
TS(3), Hussain HK(2), Davenport MS(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan. 
Electronic address: mmendira@med.umich.edu.
(2)Department of Radiology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, 
Michigan.

PURPOSE: To correlate the imaging findings of treated hepatocellular carcinoma 
(HCC) after stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) with explant pathology 
and alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) response.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: From 2007 to 2015, of 146 patients treated with liver 
SBRT for Barcelona Clinic Liver Cancer stage A hepatocellular carcinoma, 10 were 
identified with inclusion criteria and had regular interval follow-up magnetic 
resonance imaging/triple phase computed tomography and explant pathology or 
declining AFP values for radiology-pathology response correlation. Reference 
standards for successful response were >90% necrosis on explant pathology or 
pretreatment AFP >75 ng/mL normalizing to <10 ng/mL within 1 year after SBRT 
without other treatment. Subjects were treated with 24 to 50 Gy in 3 to 5 
fractions. Multiphasic magnetic resonance imaging or computed tomography 
performed at 3, 6, 9, and 12 months after SBRT was compared with pretreatment 
imaging by 2 expert radiologists. Descriptive statistics were calculated.
RESULTS: There were 10 subjects with 10 treated HCCs, classified as 3 Organ 
Procurement and Transplantation Network (OPTN) 5a, 4 OPTN 5b, and 3 OPTN 5x. All 
had successfully treated HCCs, according to explant pathology or declining AFP. 
Four of 10 HCCs had persistent central arterial hyperenhancement 3 to 12 months 
after SBRT; persistent wash-out was common up to 12 months (9 of 10). Of 10 
treated HCCs, 9 exhibited decreased size at 12 months. Liver parenchyma adjacent 
to the lesion showed early (3-6 months) hyperemia followed by late (6-12 months) 
capsular retraction and delayed enhancement. No patient had a significant 
decline in liver function.
CONCLUSIONS: In the absence of increasing size, persistent central arterial 
hyperenhancement and wash-out can occur within the first 12 months after SBRT in 
successfully treated HCCs and may not represent residual viable tumor. Liver 
parenchyma adjacent to the treated lesion showed inflammation followed by 
fibrosis, without significant change in hepatic function. Until a radiologic 
signature of tumor control is determined, freedom from local progression seems 
to be the best measure of HCC control after SBRT.

Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ijrobp.2017.08.022
PMCID: PMC5826807
PMID: 29029891 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: none.


1116. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Physiol Biochem. 2017;43(3):1258-1272. doi: 10.1159/000481839. Epub 2017 
Oct 9.

Inhibition of MicroRNA-21-5p Promotes the Radiation Sensitivity of Non-Small 
Cell Lung Cancer Through HMSH2.

Song Y(1), Zuo Y(1), Qian XL(1), Chen ZP(1), Wang SK(1), Song L(2), Peng LP(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Zhangjiagang First People's Hospital, Zhangjiagang, 
China.
(2)Department of Respiratory Medicine, The First Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, China.

Retraction in
    Cell Physiol Biochem. 2021;55(5):665. doi: 10.33594/000000455.

BACKGROUND: This study aimed to explore the effects of microRNA-21-5p 
(miR-21-5p) on the radiation sensitivity of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) 
and the involvement of human MutS homolog 2 (hMSH2) One hundred fourteen NSCLC 
patients at stage II or III who received surgery and postoperative radiotherapy 
were enrolled in this study.
METHODS: The patients were assigned into radiation-sensitive and -insensitive 
groups. NSCLC A549 cells were transfected to generate control, Negative control 
(NC), miR-21-5p inhibitor, miR-21-5p mimic, small interfering hMSH2 (sihMSH2), 
miR-21-5p inhibitor + sihMSH2 and hMSH2 overexpression groups. 
Immunohistochemistry was performed to detect the hMSH2 expression in transfected 
and irradiated cells. Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) 
and western blotting were performed to evaluate A549 miR-21-5p and hMSH2 
expression in transfected and irradiated cells. A colony formation assay was 
adopted for cell survival analysis. The relationship between miR-21-5p and hMSH2 
was verified by a luciferase reporter assay. Cell viability was measured by the 
MTT (3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide) assay, and 
apoptosis was assessed by flow cytometry. NSCLC nude mouse models were 
established, and tumor volumes and tumor weights were recorded.
RESULTS: The radiation-sensitive group of patients exhibited lower miR-21-5p but 
higher hMSH2 expression than the insensitive group. For irradiated A549 cells, 
lower cell survival, higher apoptosis, increased miR-21-5p expression and 
decreased hMSH2 expression were observed at 6 and 8 Gy than at 0, 2 and 4 Gy; 
compared to 6 Gy, cell survival and hMSH2 expression were decreased and 
apoptosis and miR-21-5p expression were increased at 8 Gy. Additionally, 
miR-21-5p was found to target hMSH2. Compared with the control group, the cell 
survival rate was lower and the apoptosis rate higher in the miR-21-5p inhibitor 
group, whereas the opposite was observed for the miR-21-5p mimic and sihMSH2 
groups. For the mouse model, decreased tumor volume and tumor weight and higher 
hMSH2 expression were found in the miR-21-5p inhibitor, radiation, hMSH2 
overexpression, miR-21-5p inhibitor + radiation and hMSH2 overexpression + 
radiation groups compared with the control group. In addition, tumor volume and 
tumor weight were decreased and hMSH2 expression increased in the miR-21-5p 
inhibitor + radiation and hMSH2 overexpression + radiation groups compared with 
the radiation alone group.
CONCLUSION: These findings indicate that inhibition of miR-21 can promote the 
radiation sensitivity of NSCLC by targeting hMSH2.

© 2017 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.

DOI: 10.1159/000481839
PMID: 29024929 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1117. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Medicine (Baltimore). 2017 Oct;96(41):e8218. doi: 10.1097/MD.0000000000008218.

High dose of nimustine as an add-on treatment for small cell lung cancer with 
intracranial metastasis: A case report and literature review.

Luo W(1), Li YL, Chen YJ, Xiang Q, Chen H.

Author information:
(1)Department of Respiratory Medicine, The People's Hospital of Leshan, Leshan 
Department of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine, West China Hospital, 
Sichuan University, Chengdu, Sichuan The First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing 
Medical University, Chongqing, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Medicine (Baltimore). 2017 Dec;96(50):e9328. doi: 
10.1097/MD.0000000000009328.

RATIONALE: Small cell lung cancer (SCLC) characterized by high degree of 
malignancy and rapid tumor progression. Intracranial metastases often appear at 
the time of the initial diagnosis or treatment. Besides of radiotherapy, 
chemotherapy is supposed to have limited effect.
PATIENT CONCERNS: A 66-year-old male had blurred vision and unsteady step with 
moderate headache, nausea, vomit.
DIAGNOSES: The patient was diagnosed with SCLC with intracranial metastases.
INTERVENTIONS: High dose of nimustine (ACNU) (300 mg/m) add to the regimen 
containing carboplatin and irinotecan.
OUTCOMES: Although the patient suffered severe myelosuppression, the 
intracranial lesion almost disappeared and maintained half a year.
LESSONS: ACNU at a dose of 200 mg/m might be tolerable in combination with other 
chemotherapeutic drugs for the treatment of SCLC with intracranial metastases 
besides radiotherapy.

DOI: 10.1097/MD.0000000000008218
PMCID: PMC5662312
PMID: 29019889 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


1118. Curr Biol. 2017 Oct 9;27(19):R1056-R1057. doi: 10.1016/j.cub.2017.08.027.

Dawn illumination prepares desert cyanobacteria for dehydration.

Oren N, Raanan H, Murik O, Keren N, Kaplan A.

Desert biological soil crusts (BSC), among the harshest environments on Earth, 
are formed by the adhesion of soil particles to polysaccharides excreted mainly 
by filamentous cyanobacteria (see [1] and references therein). These species are 
the main primary producers in this habitat where they cope with various 
stressors including frequent hydration-dehydration cycles. Water is mainly 
provided as early-morning dew, followed by dehydration with rising temperatures 
and declining relative humidity. Earlier studies focused on community structure 
and cyanobacterial activities in various BSCs [1,2]. They identified genes 
present in dehydration-tolerant, but not -sensitive cyanobacteria [3], and 
suggested that abiotic conditions during natural dehydration (Figure 1A) are 
critical for the recovery upon rewetting. Inability of Leptolyngbya ohadii, 
which is abundant in the BSC examined here, to recover after rapid desiccation 
(Figure 1B) [4] suggested that the cells must prepare themselves toward 
forthcoming dehydration, but the nature of the signal involved was unknown. We 
show here that the rising dawn illumination, perceived by photo-sensors, serves 
as the signal inciting BSC-inhabiting cyanobacteria to prepare for forthcoming 
dehydration. L. ohadii filaments were exposed to simulated natural conditions 
from the morning of October 14th 2009, using our environmental chamber that 
enables accurate reproduction of BSC environment [4] (Supplemental Figure S1A). 
Samples were withdrawn at specific time points (Figure 1A), followed by RNA 
extraction and global transcript profiling (accession PRJNA391854). Four hours 
of dehydration led to up-regulation of 567 genes and down-regulation of 1597 (by 
more than 2-fold). Since BSC-inhabiting organisms have not been used as genetic 
models, the functions of 3258 (43.5% of the 7487 L. ohadii genes [3]) are 
unknown. Nevertheless, a pronounced rise in transcript levels of genes involved 
in carbon metabolism, transport, osmolyte production, energy dissipation and 
other cellular activities was observed. On the other hand, a declining 
transcript abundance for genes involved in light harvesting, photosynthetic 
metabolism, protein biosynthesis, cell division and other pathways was detected. 
The analysis unraveled clear distinctions between early- and late-responding 
genes. Supplemental Table S1 lists the 40 strongest differentially expressed 
genes verified by RT-qPCR and used in further analyses.

Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.cub.2017.08.027
PMID: 29017037 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1119. Annu Rev Pharmacol Toxicol. 2018 Jan 6;58:83-103. doi: 
10.1146/annurev-pharmtox-010617-053110. Epub 2017 Oct 6.

Human Induced Pluripotent Stem Cell (hiPSC)-Derived Cells to Assess Drug 
Cardiotoxicity: Opportunities and Problems.

Magdy T(1)(2), Schuldt AJT(1)(2)(3), Wu JC(4)(5), Bernstein D(4)(6), Burridge 
PW(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Pharmacology, Northwestern University Feinberg School of 
Medicine, Chicago, Illinois 60611, USA; email: paul.burridge@northwestern.edu.
(2)Center for Pharmacogenomics, Northwestern University Feinberg School of 
Medicine, Chicago, Illinois 60611, USA.
(3)Division of Cardiology, Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, 
Chicago, Illinois 60611, USA.
(4)Stanford Cardiovascular Institute, Stanford University School of Medicine, 
Stanford, California 94305, USA.
(5)Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, Stanford University School of Medicine, 
Stanford, California 94305, USA.
(6)Department of Pediatrics, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, 
California 94305, USA.

Billions of US dollars are invested every year by the pharmaceutical industry in 
drug development, with the aim of introducing new drugs that are effective and 
have minimal side effects. Thirty percent of in-pipeline drugs are excluded in 
an early phase of preclinical and clinical screening owing to cardiovascular 
safety concerns, and several lead molecules that pass the early safety screening 
make it to market but are later withdrawn owing to severe cardiac side effects. 
Although the current drug safety screening methodologies can identify some 
cardiotoxic drug candidates, they cannot accurately represent the human heart in 
many aspects, including genomics, transcriptomics, and patient- or 
population-specific cardiotoxicity. Despite some limitations, human induced 
pluripotent stem cell-derived cardiomyocytes (hiPSC-CMs) are a powerful and 
evolving technology that has been shown to recapitulate many attributes of human 
cardiomyocytes and their drug responses. In this review, we discuss the 
potential impact of the inclusion of the hiPSC-CM platform in premarket 
candidate drug screening.

DOI: 10.1146/annurev-pharmtox-010617-053110
PMCID: PMC7386286
PMID: 28992430 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1120. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Pineal Res. 2018 Jan;64(1). doi: 10.1111/jpi.12450. Epub 2017 Oct 23.

Effects of melatonin on fatty liver disease: The role of NR4A1/DNA-PKcs/p53 
pathway, mitochondrial fission, and mitophagy.

Zhou H(1), Du W(1), Li Y(1), Shi C(2), Hu N(3)(4), Ma S(3)(4), Wang W(2), Ren 
J(3)(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cardiology, Chinese PLA General Hospital, Medical School of 
Chinese PLA, Beijing, China.
(2)Key Laboratory of Carcinogenesis and Translational Research (Ministry of 
Education/Beijing), Department of Radiation Oncology, Peking University Cancer 
Hospital and Institute, Beijing, China.
(3)Shanghai Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan 
University, Shanghai, China.
(4)Center for Cardiovascular Research and Alternative Medicine, University of 
Wyoming, Laramie, WY, USA.

Erratum in
    J Pineal Res. 2024 Mar;76(2):e12946. doi: 10.1111/jpi.12946.

Retraction in
    J Pineal Res. 2024 Oct;76(7):e70001. doi: 10.1111/jpi.70001.

Mitochondrial dysfunction has been implicated in the pathogenesis of 
nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) through poorly defined mechanisms. 
Melatonin supplementation has been found to protect liver function in diabetes 
and obesity. Here, we intensively explored the role and mechanism of melatonin 
in the development of NAFLD. We demonstrated that the onset of diet-induced 
NAFLD greatly caused NR4A1 upregulation in hepatocytes, leading to the 
activation of DNA-PKcs and p53. On the one hand, p53 aided Drp1 migration in the 
mitochondria and consequently drove mitochondrial fission. On the other hand, 
p53 repressed Bnip3 transcription and expression, resulting in mitophagy arrest. 
The excessive fission and deficient mitophagy dramatically mediated 
mitochondrial dysfunction, including extensive mPTP opening, reduction in 
mitochondrial potential, oxidative stress, calcium overload, mitochondrial 
respiratory collapse, and ATP shortage. However, genetic deletion of NR4A1 or 
DNA-PKcs could definitively reverse NAFLD progression and the mitochondrial 
dysfunction. Similarly, melatonin supplementation could robustly reduce the 
damage to liver and mitochondrial structure and function in NAFLD. 
Mechanistically, melatonin halted fission but recovered mitophagy via blockade 
of NR4A1/DNA-PKcs/p53 pathway, finally improving mitochondrial and liver 
function in the setting of NAFLD. Our results identify NR4A1/DNA-PKcs/p53 
pathway as the novel molecular mechanism underlying the pathogenesis of NAFLD 
via regulation of Drp1-mediated mitochondrial fission and Bnip3-related 
mitophagy. Meanwhile, we also confirm that melatonin has the ability to cut off 
the NR4A1/DNA-PKcs/p53 pathway, which confers a protective advantage to 
hepatocytes and mitochondria. The manipulation of NR4A1/DNA-PKcs/p53 pathway by 
melatonin highlights a new entry point for treating NAFLD.

© 2017 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/jpi.12450
PMID: 28981157 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1121. Neurosurg Focus. 2017 Oct;43(VideoSuppl2):Intro. doi: 
10.3171/2017.10.FocusVid.Intro.

Introduction: surgical management of skull base meningiomas.

Zada G(1), Başkaya MK(2), Shah MV(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Keck School of Medicine, University of Southern 
California, Los Angeles, California.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and 
Public Health, Madison, Wisconsin; and.
(3)Department of Neurosurgery, Goodman Campbell Brain and Spine Center, Indiana 
University School of Medicine, Indianapolis, Indiana.

Meningiomas represent the most common primary intracranial neoplasm treated by 
neurosurgeons. Although multimodal treatment of meningiomas includes surgery, 
radiation-based treatments, and occasionally medical therapy, surgery remains 
the mainstay of treatment for most symptomatic meningiomas. Because of the 
intricate relationship of the dura mater and arachnoid mater with the central 
nervous system and cranial nerves, meningiomas can arise anywhere along the 
skull base or convexities, and occasionally even within the ventricular system, 
thereby mandating a catalog of surgical approaches that neurosurgeons may employ 
to individualize treatment for patients. Skull base meningiomas represent some 
of the most challenging pathology encountered by neurosurgeons, on account of 
their depth, invasion, vascularity, texture/consistency, and their relationship 
to bony anatomy, cranial nerves, and blood vessels. Resection of complex skull 
base meningiomas often mandates adequate bony removal to achieve sufficient 
exposure of the tumor and surrounding region, in order to minimize brain 
retraction and optimally identify, protect, control, and manipulate sensitive 
neurovascular structures. A variety of traditional skull base approaches has 
evolved to address complex skull base tumors, of which meningiomas are 
considered the paragon in terms of both complexity and frequency. In this 
supplemental video issue of Neurosurgical Focus, contributing authors from 
around the world provide instructional narratives demonstrating resection of a 
variety of skull base meningiomas arising from traditionally challenging 
origins, including the clinoid processes, tuberculum sellae, dorsum sellae, 
petroclival region, falco-tentorial region, cerebellopontine angle, and foramen 
magnum. In addition, two cases of extended endoscopic endonasal approaches for 
tuberculum sellae and dorsum sellae meningiomas are presented, representing the 
latest evolution in accessing the skull base for selected tumors. Along with key 
pearls for safe tumor resection, an equally important component of open and 
endoscopic skull base operations for meningiomas addressed by the contributing 
authors is the reconstruction aspect, which must be performed meticulously to 
prevent delayed cerebrospinal fluid leakage and/or infections. This curated 
assortment of instructional videos represents the authors' optimal treatment 
paradigms pertaining to the selection of approach, setup, exposure, and 
principles to guide tumor resection for a wide spectrum of complex meningiomas.

DOI: 10.3171/2017.10.FocusVid.Intro
PMID: 28967307 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1122. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Pharmacother. 2017 Nov;95:1718-1724. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2017.09.074. 
Epub 2017 Oct 6.

miR-217 inhibits proliferation, migration, and invasion via targeting AKT3 in 
thyroid cancer.

Lin Y(1), Cheng K(2), Wang T(3), Xie Q(3), Chen M(3), Chen Q(4), Wen Q(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Ultrasonography, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, 126 Xiantai Street, ErDao District, Changchun 13033, China.
(2)Department of Radiology, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University, 126 
Xiantai Street, ErDao District, Changchun 13033, China.
(3)Department of Nuclear Medicine, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, 126 Xiantai Street, ErDao District, Changchun 13033, China.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, 126 Xiantai Street, ErDao District, Changchun 13033, China. 
Electronic address: 39214306@qq.com.
(5)Department of Nuclear Medicine, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin 
University, 126 Xiantai Street, ErDao District, Changchun 13033, China. 
Electronic address: wenqiang54213@126.com.

Retraction in
    Biomed Pharmacother. 2024 Feb;171:116187. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2024.116187.

PURPOSE: The aims of this study were to test the influence of miR-217 on the 
proliferation, invasion, migration of thyroid cancer and the relevant mechanism.
METHOD: miR-217 expression levels in thyroid cancer tissues and cell lines were 
detected by quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR).Cell Counting Kit-8, flow 
cytometer, wound healing, transwell invasion assays were applied to evaluate the 
effect of miR-217 on proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion of thyroid 
cells. The luciferase reporter assay, qRT-PCR, and western blot were used to 
identify target of miR-217. Relative relationship of expression level between 
miR-217 and AKT3 was analyzed in thyroid cancer tissues. Xenograft 
transplantation was performed to test effect of miR-217 in vivo.
RESULTS: We found that the expression of miR-217 was significantly decreased in 
thyroid cancer tissues cell lines. Significantly, decreased miR-217 expression 
were associated with the clinical stage and lymph node metastasis. Function 
studies revealed that miR-217 overexpression in thyroid cancer cells inhibited 
proliferation, migration, and invasion in vitro, as well as suppressed tumor 
growth in vivo. Subsequently, AKT3 was identified as a target of miR-217 in 
thyroid cancer. AKT3 expression was upregulated in thyroid cancer tissues, was 
inversely correlated with miR-217expression. Besides, overexpression of AKT3 
efficiently abrogates suppressive effect on proliferation, migration and 
invasion in thyroid cancer cells caused by overexpression of miR-217.
CONCLUSION: These data demonstrated a tumor suppressor role for miR-217 in 
thyroid cancer development and progression by targeting AKT3, suggesting miR-217 
might be a potential target for thyroid cancer.

Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biopha.2017.09.074
PMID: 28962076 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1123. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncol Res. 2018 Jul 5;26(6):901-911. doi: 10.3727/096504017X15061902533715. Epub 
2017 Sep 26.

Downregulation of MicroRNA-147 Inhibits Cell Proliferation and Increases the 
Chemosensitivity of Gastric Cancer Cells to 5-Fluorouracil by Directly Targeting 
PTEN.

Shen J(1), Niu W(2), Zhang H(1), Jun M(1), Zhang H(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Anhui Provincial Hospital, Hefei, Anhui, 
P.R. China.
(2)Department of Oncology, Anhui Cancer Hospital, Hefei, Anhui, P.R. China.

Erratum in
    Oncol Res. 2022 Jan 31;28(9):961-963. doi: 10.3727/096504022X16414984936746.

Retraction in
    Oncol Res. 2022 May 4;29(1):79. doi: 10.3727/096504022X16491544361323.

Gastric cancer is the fourth most common malignancy and the third leading cause 
of cancer-related deaths worldwide. This study aimed to investigate the 
expression patterns, biological roles, and underlying mechanisms of microRNA-147 
(miR-147) in gastric cancer. The present study demonstrated that miR-147 was 
significantly upregulated in gastric cancer tissues and cell lines. 
Downregulation of miR-147 decreased cell proliferation and enhanced the 
chemosensitivity of gastric cancer cells to 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) through the 
cell apoptosis pathway. In addition, phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN) was 
mechanically identified as the direct target of miR-147 in gastric cancer. PTEN 
knockdown reversed the effects of miR-147 downregulation on the proliferation, 
chemosensitivity, and 5-FU-induced apoptosis of gastric cancer cells. Moreover, 
miR-147 regulated the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway in gastric cancer by targeting 
PTEN. In conclusion, miR-147 suppressed the proliferation and enhanced the 
chemosensitivity of gastric cancer cells to 5-FU by promoting cell apoptosis 
through directly targeting PTEN and regulating the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway. 
This study provides important insight into the molecular mechanism that 
underlies the chemoresistance of gastric cancer cells. The results of this study 
could aid the development of a novel therapeutic strategy for gastric cancer.

DOI: 10.3727/096504017X15061902533715
PMCID: PMC7844761
PMID: 28950928 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1124. Radiat Oncol. 2017 Sep 25;12(1):158. doi: 10.1186/s13014-017-0892-y.

CT imaging features associated with recurrence in non-small cell lung cancer 
patients after stereotactic body radiotherapy.

Li Q(1), Kim J(2), Balagurunathan Y(3), Qi J(1)(3), Liu Y(1), Latifi K(4), Moros 
EG(3)(4), Schabath MB(5), Ye Z(6), Gillies RJ(3), Dilling TJ(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and 
Hospital, National Clinical Research Center for Cancer, Key Laboratory of Cancer 
Prevention and Therapy, Tianjin's Clinical Research Center for Cancer, 
Huan-Hu-Xi Road, Ti-Yuan-Bei, He Xi District, Tianjin, 300060, China.
(2)Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center 
and Research Institute, Tampa, FL, USA.
(3)Department of Cancer Imaging and Metabolism, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center and 
Research Institute, Tampa, FL, USA.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center and Research 
Institute, 12902 Magnolia Drive, Tampa, FL, 33612, USA.
(5)Department of Cancer Epidemiology, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center & Research 
Institute, Tampa, FL, USA.
(6)Department of Radiology, Tianjin Medical University Cancer Institute and 
Hospital, National Clinical Research Center for Cancer, Key Laboratory of Cancer 
Prevention and Therapy, Tianjin's Clinical Research Center for Cancer, 
Huan-Hu-Xi Road, Ti-Yuan-Bei, He Xi District, Tianjin, 300060, China. 
yezhaoxiang@163.com.
(7)Department of Radiation Oncology, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center and Research 
Institute, 12902 Magnolia Drive, Tampa, FL, 33612, USA. 
Thomas.Dilling@moffitt.org.

BACKGROUND: Predicting recurrence after stereotactic body radiotherapy (SBRT) in 
non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients is problematic, but critical for the 
decision of following treatment. This study aims to investigate the association 
of imaging features derived from the first follow-up computed tomography (CT) on 
lung cancer patient outcomes following SBRT, and identify patients at high risk 
of recurrence.
METHODS: Fifty nine biopsy-proven non-small cell lung cancer patients were 
qualified for this study. The first follow-up CTs were performed about 3 months 
after SBRT (median time: 91 days). Imaging features included 34 manually scored 
radiological features (semantics) describing the lesion, lung and thorax and 219 
quantitative imaging features (radiomics) extracted automatically after 
delineation of the lesion. Cox proportional hazard models and Harrel's C-index 
were used to explore predictors of overall survival (OS), recurrence-free 
survival (RFS), and loco-regional recurrence-free survival (LR-RFS). Five-fold 
cross validation was performed on the final prognostic model.
RESULTS: The median follow-up time was 42 months. The model for OS contained 
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status (HR = 3.13, 95% CI: 
1.17-8.41), vascular involvement (HR = 3.21, 95% CI: 1.29-8.03), lymphadenopathy 
(HR = 3.59, 95% CI: 1.58-8.16) and the 1st principle component of radiomic 
features (HR = 1.24, 95% CI: 1.02-1.51). The model for RFS contained vascular 
involvement (HR = 3.06, 95% CI: 1.40-6.70), vessel attachment (HR = 3.46, 95% 
CI: 1.65-7.25), pleural retraction (HR = 3.24, 95% CI: 1.41-7.42), 
lymphadenopathy (HR = 6.41, 95% CI: 2.58-15.90) and relative enhancement 
(HR = 1.40, 95% CI: 1.00-1.96). The model for LR-RFS contained vascular 
involvement (HR = 4.96, 95% CI: 2.23-11.03), lymphadenopathy (HR = 2.64, 95% CI: 
1.19-5.82), circularity (F13, HR = 1.60, 95% CI: 1.10-2.32) and 3D Laws feature 
(F92, HR = 1.96, 95% CI: 1.35-2.83). Five-fold cross-validated the areas under 
the receiver operating characteristic curves (AUC) of these three models were 
all above 0.8.
CONCLUSIONS: Our analysis reveals disease progression could be prognosticated as 
early as 3 months after SBRT using CT imaging features, and these features would 
be helpful in clinical decision-making.

DOI: 10.1186/s13014-017-0892-y
PMCID: PMC5613447
PMID: 28946909 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: ETHICS APPROVAL AND CONSENT TO PARTICIPATE: This 
retrospective study was approved by Moffitt USF institutional review board 
(#105996) and informed consent was waived. CONSENT FOR PUBLICATION: Not 
applicable. COMPETING INTERESTS: Dr. Gillies reports grants from National Cancer 
Institute and non-financial support from HealthMyne. The other authors declare 
that they have no competing interest. PUBLISHER’S NOTE: Springer Nature remains 
neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional 
affiliations.


1125. J Pediatr Adolesc Gynecol. 2017 Sep 18:S1083-3188(17)30461-8. doi: 
10.1016/j.jpag.2017.09.006. Online ahead of print.

WITHDRAWN: Re: Wang C: Finding Purpose, Passion, and Happiness in Your 
Profession. J Med Imaging Radiat Sci 2017; 48:114.

Mitchell F(1).

Author information:
(1)Radiation Therapy, Alberta Health Services, Community Oncology, Edmonton, 
Alberta, Canada.

This article has been withdrawn at the request of the author(s) and/or editor. 
The Publisher apologizes for any inconvenience this may cause. The full Elsevier 
Policy on Article Withdrawal can be found at 
https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal.

Crown Copyright © 2017. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jpag.2017.09.006
PMID: 28928051


1126. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Talanta. 2018 Jan 1;176:277-283. doi: 10.1016/j.talanta.2017.08.043. Epub 2017 
Aug 14.

RETRACTED: Facilely self-assembled magnetic nanoparticles/aptamer/carbon dots 
nanocomposites for highly sensitive up-conversion fluorescence turn-on detection 
of tetrodotoxin.

Jin H(1), Gui R(2), Sun J(3), Wang Y(3).

Author information:
(1)College of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, Laboratory of Fiber Materials 
and Modern Textile, The Growing Base for State Key Laboratory, Qingdao 
University, Qingdao266071, PR China.
(2)College of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering, Laboratory of Fiber Materials 
and Modern Textile, The Growing Base for State Key Laboratory, Qingdao 
University, Qingdao266071, PR China. Electronic address: guirijun@qdu.edu.cn.
(3)Institute of Materia Medica,Medica, Shandong Academy of Medical Sciences, 
Jinan250062, PR China.

Retraction in
    Talanta. 2019 Nov 1;204:882. doi: 10.1016/j.talanta.2019.06.097.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal 
(https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal). This 
article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article Withdrawal 
(http://www.elsevier.com/locate/withdrawalpolicy). This article has been 
retracted at the request of the Editor following concerns raised by a reader. 
The article uses two electron micrographs which have been used in other 
publications as well, denoting different samples. Fig. 1A is identical to Fig. 
3E in RSC Adv., 2013,3, 20959-20969 doi: 10.1039/C3RA43120G despite describing 
different samples. Fig. 2A is identical to Fig. 1B in Sensors & Actuators B: 
Chemical, vol 245, pp 386-394 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.snb.2017.01.166 and Fig. 
1A in Materials Letters vol 195 pp 131-135 
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.matlet.2017.02.119 despite describing different 
samples. These problems with the data presented cast doubt on all the data, and 
accordingly also the conclusions based on that data, in this publication. The 
scientific community takes a very strong view on this matter and apologies are 
offered to readers of the journal that this was not detected during the 
submission process., http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.talanta.2017.08.043.

Copyright © 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.talanta.2017.08.043
PMID: 28917752 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1127. RETRACTED ARTICLE

PLoS One. 2017 Sep 8;12(9):e0184125. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0184125. 
eCollection 2017.

A wireless soil moisture sensor powered by solar energy.

Jiang M(1)(2)(3), Lv M(1)(2)(3), Deng Z(1)(2)(3), Zhai G(1)(2)(3).

Author information:
(1)Farmland Irrigation Research Institute, Chinese Academy of Agricultural 
Sciences, Muye District, Xinxiang City Henan province, China.
(2)Key Laboratory of Water-Saving Agriculture of Henan Province, Muye District, 
Xinxiang City Henan province, China.
(3)Center for Efficient Irrigation Engineering and Technology Research, CAAS, 
Muye District, Xinxiang City Henan province, China.

Retraction in
    PLoS One. 2018 Mar 23;13(3):e0195052. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0195052.

In a variety of agricultural activities, such as irrigation scheduling and 
nutrient management, soil water content is regarded as an essential parameter. 
Either power supply or long-distance cable is hardly available within field 
scale. For the necessity of monitoring soil water dynamics at field scale, this 
study presents a wireless soil moisture sensor based on the impedance transform 
of the frequency domain. The sensor system is powered by solar energy, and the 
data can be instantly transmitted by wireless communication. The sensor 
electrodes are embedded into the bottom of a supporting rod so that the sensor 
can measure soil water contents at different depths. An optimal design with time 
executing sequence is considered to reduce the energy consumption. The 
experimental results showed that the sensor is a promising tool for monitoring 
moisture in large-scale farmland using solar power and wireless communication.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0184125
PMCID: PMC5590862
PMID: 28886067 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Competing Interests: The authors have declared 
that no competing interests exist.


1128. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Korean Neurosurg Soc. 2017 Sep;60(5):597-603. doi: 10.3340/jkns.2017.0404.017. 
Epub 2017 Aug 30.

Minimally Invasive Anterior Decompression Technique without Instrumented Fusion 
for Huge Ossification of the Posterior Longitudinal Ligament in the Thoracic 
Spine: Technical Note And Literature Review.

Yu JW(1), Yun SO(1), Hsieh CS(2), Lee SH(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Spine Health Wooridul Hospital, Busan, Korea.
(2)Department of Orthopedics, Tai Shin Hospital, Taichung, Taiwan.
(3)Department of Neurosurgery, Spine Health Wooridul Hospital Gangnam, Seoul, 
Korea.

Retraction in
    J Korean Neurosurg Soc. 2019 Sep;62(5):618. doi: 
10.3340/jkns.2017.0404.017.r1.

OBJECTIVE: Several surgical methods have been reported for treatment of 
ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament (OPLL) in the thoracic 
spine. Despite rapid innovation of instruments and techniques for spinal 
surgery, the postoperative outcomes are not always favorable. This article 
reports a minimally invasive anterior decompression technique without 
instrumented fusion, which was modified from the conventional procedure. The 
authors present 2 cases of huge beak-type OPLL. Patients underwent minimally 
invasive anterior decompression without fusion. This method created a space on 
the ventral side of the OPLL without violating global thoracic spinal stability. 
Via this space, the OPLL and anterior lateral side of the dural sac can be seen 
and manipulated directly. Then, total removal of the OPLL was accomplished. No 
orthosis was needed. In this article, we share our key technique and concepts 
for treatment of huge thoracic OPLL.
METHODS: Case 1. 51-year-old female was referred to our hospital with right 
lower limb radiating pain and paresis. Thoracic OPLL at T6-7 had been identified 
at our hospital, and conservative treatment had been tried without success. Case 
2. This 54-year-old female with a 6-month history of progressive gait 
disturbance and bilateral lower extremity radiating pain (right>left) was 
admitted to our institute. She also had hypoesthesia in both lower legs. Her 
symptoms had been gradually progressing. Computed tomography scans showed 
massive OPLL at the T9-10 level. Magnetic resonance imaging of the thoracolumbar 
spine demonstrated ventral bony masses with severe anterior compression of the 
spinal cord at the same level.
RESULTS: We used this surgical method in 2 patients with a huge beaked-type OPLL 
in the thoracic level. Complete removal of the OPLL via anterior decompression 
without instrumented fusion was accomplished. The 1st case had no intraoperative 
or postoperative complications, and the 2nd case had 1 intraoperative 
complication (dural tear) and no postoperative complications. There were no 
residual symptoms of the lower extremities.
CONCLUSION: This surgical technique allows the surgeon to safely and effectively 
perform minimally invasive anterior decompression without instrumented fusion 
via a transthoracic approach for thoracic OPLL. It can be applied at the mid and 
lower level of the thoracic spine and could become a standard procedure for 
treatment of huge beak-type thoracic OPLL.

DOI: 10.3340/jkns.2017.0404.017
PMCID: PMC5594623
PMID: 28881124


1129. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biomed Pharmacother. 2017 Nov;95:199-206. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2017.08.048. 
Epub 2017 Sep 12.

Alpinumisoflavone radiosensitizes esophageal squamous cell carcinoma through 
inducing apoptosis and cell cycle arrest.

Zhang B(1), Fan X(2), Wang Z(3), Zhu W(1), Li J(1).

Author information:
(1)Qilu Hospital of Shandong University (Qingdao), Qingdao, China.
(2)Qilu Hospital of Shandong University (Qingdao), Qingdao, China. Electronic 
address: xinglfqdql@126.com.
(3)The 107th Hospital of People's Liberation Army, Yantai, China.

Retraction in
    Biomed Pharmacother. 2024 Sep;178:117141. doi: 10.1016/j.biopha.2024.117141.

Radiotherapy remains a mainstream treatment for patients with unresectable and 
locally advanced esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC). However, intrinsic 
radioresistance of ESCC tumors has largely compromised the efficacy of 
radiotherapy. The following study investigates the potential radiosensitizing 
effect of alpinumisoflavone (AIF) and explores its underlying mechanisms in 
ESCC. Briefly, our results showed that AIF could significantly increase 
radiosensitivity of ESCC cells both in vitro and in vivo, by increasing the 
effect of AIF on irradiation-induced DNA damage, apoptosis and cell cycle 
arrest. Mechanically, AIF aggravated irradiation-induced ROS generation in ESCC 
cells, which occurred via suppressing the expression of nuclear transcription 
factor Nrf2 and Nrf2-driven antioxidant molecule NQO-1 and HO-1. Collectively, 
we concluded that AIF functions as a potent radiosensitizer in human ESCC.

Copyright © 2017. Published by Elsevier Masson SAS.

DOI: 10.1016/j.biopha.2017.08.048
PMID: 28843908 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1130. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2017 Nov 1;99(3):618-626. doi: 
10.1016/j.ijrobp.2017.05.054. Epub 2017 Jun 7.

Prospective Clinical Implementation of a Novel Magnetic Resonance Tracking 
Device for Real-Time Brachytherapy Catheter Positioning.

de Arcos J(1), Schmidt EJ(2), Wang W(3), Tokuda J(3), Vij K(4), Seethamraju 
RT(5), Damato AL(6), Dumoulin CL(7), Cormack RA(6), Viswanathan AN(8).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts. 
Electronic address: jfdearcos@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Radiology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts; 
Department of Medicine, Johns Hopkins Medicine, Baltimore, Maryland.
(3)Department of Radiology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston, 
Massachusetts.
(5)MRI Interventions Inc, Irvine, California.
(6)Department of Radiology, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center, 
Cincinnati, Ohio.
(7)Siemens Healthineers, Boston, Massachusetts.
(8)Department of Radiology, Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center, 
Cincinnati, Ohio; Department of Radiation Oncology and Molecular Radiation 
Sciences, Johns Hopkins Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center, Baltimore, Maryland. 
Electronic address: anv@jhu.edu.

PURPOSE: We designed and built dedicated active magnetic resonance (MR)-tracked 
(MRTR) stylets. We explored the role of MRTR in a prospective clinical trial.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: Eleven gynecologic cancer patients underwent MRTR to 
rapidly optimize interstitial catheter placement. MRTR catheter tip location and 
orientation were computed and overlaid on images displayed on in-room monitors 
at rates of 6 to 16 frames per second. Three modes of actively tracked 
navigation were analyzed: coarse navigation to the approximate region around the 
tumor; fine-tuning, bringing the stylets to the desired location; and pullback, 
with MRTR stylets rapidly withdrawn from within the catheters, providing 
catheter trajectories for radiation treatment planning (RTP). Catheters with 
conventional stylets were inserted, forming baseline locations. MRTR stylets 
were substituted, and catheter navigation was performed by a clinician working 
inside the MRI bore, using monitor feedback.
RESULTS: Coarse navigation allowed repositioning of the MRTR catheters tips by 
16 mm (mean), relative to baseline, in 14 ± 5 s/catheter (mean ± standard 
deviation [SD]). The fine-tuning mode repositioned the catheter tips by a 
further 12 mm, in 24 ± 17 s/catheter. Pullback mode provided catheter 
trajectories with RTP point resolution of ∼1.5 mm, in 1 to 9 s/catheter.
CONCLUSIONS: MRTR-based navigation resulted in rapid and optimal placement of 
interstitial brachytherapy catheters. Catheters were repositioned compared with 
the initial insertion without tracking. In pullback mode, catheter trajectories 
matched computed tomographic precision, enabling their use for RTP.

Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ijrobp.2017.05.054
PMCID: PMC5720929
PMID: 28843373 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1131. J Med Imaging Radiat Oncol. 2017 Dec;61(6):819-825. doi: 
10.1111/1754-9485.12645. Epub 2017 Aug 18.

Proposal for a gold standard for cosmetic evaluation after breast conserving 
therapy: Results from the St George and Wollongong Breast Boost trial.

Merie R(1), Browne L(1), Cardoso JS(2), Cardoso MJ(3), Chin Y(1), Clark C(1), 
Graham P(1), Szwajcer A(1), Hau E(4).

Author information:
(1)St George Cancer Care Centre, Kogarah, New South Wales, Australia.
(2)Faculty of Engineering, University of Porto, Porto, Portugal.
(3)Breast Cancer Unit, Champalimaud Cancer Centre, Lisbon, Portugal.
(4)Crown Princess Mary Westmead Cancer Care Centre, Westmead, New South Wales, 
Australia.

INTRODUCTION: Breast cosmesis is an important endpoint of breast conserving 
therapy (BCT), but a gold standard method of its evaluation is not yet 
established. The St. George and Wollongong Randomised Breast Boost trial used 
five different methods of cosmetic assessment, including both subjective and 
objective, to comprehensively evaluate the cosmetic outcome of the trial 
patients. This current study analyses the level of concordance between these 
methods in an attempt to determine a possible standard in the evaluation of 
breast cosmesis.
METHODS: Patients attending follow-up clinic reviews at 5 years post breast 
radiotherapy were evaluated. Patients completed a cosmesis and functional 
assessment questionnaire, assessing clinicians completed an EORTC (European 
Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer) cosmetic rating questionnaire 
and photographs were obtained. The photographs were later assessed by a panel of 
five experts, as well as analysed using the objective pBRA (relative Breast 
Retraction Assessment) and the BCCT.core (Breast Cancer Conservative 
Treatment.cosmetic results) computer software. Scores were dichotomised to 
excellent/good and fair/poor. Pairwise comparisons between all methods, except 
pBRA, were carried out using overall agreement calculations and kappa scores. 
pBRA scores were compared on a continuous scale with each of the other 
dichotomised scores obtained by the other four methods.
RESULTS: Of 513 St George patients alive at 5 years, 385 (75%) attended St 
George for follow-up and consented to photography. Results showed that 
assessment by physicians in clinic and patient self-assessment were more 
favourable regarding overall cosmetic outcome than evaluation of photographs by 
the panel or the BCCT.core software. Excellent/good scores by clinician-live and 
patient self-assessments were 93% and 94% respectively (agreement 89%), as 
compared to 75% and 74% only by BCCT.core and panel assessments respectively 
(agreement 83%, kappa 0.57). For the pBRA measurements, there was a 
statistically significant difference (P <0.001) between scores for 
excellent/good versus fair/poor cosmesis by all four methods. The range of 
median pBRA measurements for fair/poor scores was 13.4-14.8 and for 
excellent/good scores was 8.0-9.4.
CONCLUSION: Incorporating both BCCT.core assessment and patient self-assessment 
could potentially provide the basis of a gold standard method of breast cosmetic 
evaluation. BCCT.core represents an easy, time efficient, reproducible, cost 
effective and reliable method, however, it lacks the functional and psychosocial 
elements of cosmesis that only patient self-reported outcomes can provide.

© 2017 The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Radiologists.

DOI: 10.1111/1754-9485.12645
PMID: 28834326 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1132. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biosci Rep. 2017 Sep 19;37(5):BSR20170711. doi: 10.1042/BSR20170711. Print 2017 
Oct 31.

Down-regulation of XIAP enhances the radiosensitivity of esophageal cancer cells 
in vivo and in vitro.

Wen X(1), Han XR(1), Fan SH(1), Zhang ZF(1), Chen L(2), Yi G(2), Wu DM(3), Lu 
J(3), Zheng YL(3).

Author information:
(1)Key Laboratory for Biotechnology on Medicinal Plants of Jiangsu Province, 
School of Life Science, Jiangsu Normal University, Xuzhou 221116, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Oncology, Linyi Cancer Hospital, Linyi 276000, P.R. China.
(3)Key Laboratory for Biotechnology on Medicinal Plants of Jiangsu Province, 
School of Life Science, Jiangsu Normal University, Xuzhou 221116, P.R. China 
wdm8610@jsnu.edu.cn lu-jun75@163.com ylzheng@jsnu.edu.cn.

Retraction in
    Biosci Rep. 2021 Jun 25;41(6):BSR-2017-0711_RET. doi: 
10.1042/BSR-2017-0711_RET.

Expression of concern in
    Biosci Rep. 2020 Jul 31;40(7):BSR-20170711_EOC. doi: 
10.1042/BSR-20170711_EOC.

The study investigated the effects of X-chromosome-linked inhibitor of apoptosis 
(XIAP) gene silencing on the radiosensitivity of esophageal cancer (EC) cells. 
Western blotting was used to select EC cell lines with XIAP overexpression. 
Selected EC9706 and KYSE30 cell lines were both divided into four groups: the 
blank control group, the negative control (NC) group (transfected with pBSHH1), 
the siRNA-enhanced group (transfected with pBSHH1-XIAP1-siRNA), and the 
siRNA-decreased group (transfected with pBSHH1-XIAP2-siRNA). Expressions of XIAP 
were measured by reverse-transcription quantitative PCR (RT-qPCR) and Western 
blotting, cell survival and viability by MTT assay and colony formation assay, 
and cell apoptosis by flow cytometry, respectively. Caspase-3 and caspase-9 
activity were detected using caspase-3 and caspase-9 activity detection kits. A 
nude mice model of EC9706 cell line was established to measure tumorigenesis 
ability. Compared with the NC group, XIAP mRNA and protein expressions were 
decreased, caspase-3 and caspase-9 activity and apoptosis were up-regulated, and 
cell survival rate and colony-forming efficiency were lower in the 
siRNA-enhanced and siRNA-decreased groups in both the cell lines; while the 
opposite trends were found in the siRNA-decreased group compared with the 
siRNA-enhanced group. Tumor weight and volume of nude mice were decreased in the 
siRNA-enhanced and siRNA-decreased groups than those in the NC group, and were 
elevated in the siRNA-decreased group compared with the siRNA-enhanced group. 
These results indicate that XIAP gene silencing would strengthen the 
radiosensitivity of EC9706 cells, which provides a novel target for the 
treatment of EC.

© 2017 The Author(s).

DOI: 10.1042/BSR20170711
PMCID: PMC5603754
PMID: 28821565 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that there are no competing 
interests associated with the manuscript.


1133. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Opt Express. 2017 Jun 12;25(12):13602-13616. doi: 10.1364/OE.25.013602.

Simultaneous dual-color light sheet fluorescence imaging flow cytometry for 
high-throughput marine phytoplankton analysis.

Li J, Xu Z.

Retraction in
    Opt Express. 2017 Aug 21;25(17):20033. doi: 10.1364/OE.25.020033.

This paper reports the development of a dual-color light sheet fluorescence 
imaging flow cytometer exclusively designed for rapid phytoplankton analysis. By 
simultaneously exciting chlorophyll and phycoerythrin fluorescence, the system 
is enabled to discriminate phycoerythrin-containing and phycoerythrin-lacking 
phytoplankton groups through simultaneous two-channel spectral imaging-in-flow. 
It is demonstrated the system has good sensitivity and resolution to detect 
picophytoplankton down to the size of ~1μm, high throughput of 1.3 × 105cells/s 
and 5 × 103cells/s at 100μL/min and 3mL/min volume flow rates for cultured 
picophytoplankton and nanophytoplankton detection, respectively, and a broad 
imaging range from ~1μm up to 300μm covering most marine phytoplankton cell 
sizes with just one 40 × objective. The simultaneous realization of high 
resolution, high sensitivity and high throughput with spectral resolving power 
of the system is expected to promote the technology towards more practical 
applications that demand automated phytoplankton analysis.

DOI: 10.1364/OE.25.013602
PMID: 28788903 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1134. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Exp Ther Med. 2017 Aug;14(2):1095-1103. doi: 10.3892/etm.2017.4608. Epub 2017 
Jun 14.

miR-663b promotes tumor cell proliferation, migration and invasion in 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma through targeting TUSC2.

Liang S(1), Zhang N(1), Deng Y(1), Chen L(1), Zhang Y(1), Zheng Z(1), Luo W(1), 
Lv Z(1), Li S(1), Xu T(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Tumor Hospital of First People's Hospital of 
Foshan, Foshan, Guangdong 528041, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Exp Ther Med. 2021 Dec;22(6):1448. doi: 10.3892/etm.2021.10883.

The authors' previous study revealed that the serum levels of microRNA 
(miR)-663b are significantly increased in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma 
(NPC), and are associated with NPC progression and poor prognosis. However, the 
molecular mechanism of underlying NPC growth and metastasis remains unclear. In 
the present study, quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blot 
analyses were performed to examine changes to mRNA and protein expression, 
respectively. MTT, wound healing and Transwell assays were used to examine cell 
proliferation, migration and invasion, respectively. Luciferase reporter gene 
assays were performed to identify target genes of miR-663b. It was demonstrated 
that miR-663b was significantly upregulated in NPC tissue compared with 
non-tumor nasopharyngeal epithelial tissue samples. Furthermore, miR-663b 
expression gradually increased with advancing stages of NPC, with the highest 
expression being observed in the latest stage IV. The increased expression of 
miR-663b was associated with advanced clinical stage and lymph node metastasis. 
In addition, miR-663b expression was increased in NPC cell lines compared with 
normal nasopharyngeal epithelial NP69 cells. Knockdown of miR-663b resulted in a 
significant reduction in the proliferation, migration and invasion of NPC CNE1 
cells. Tumor suppressor candidate 2 (TUSC2) was identified as a novel target 
gene of miR-663b. It was further demonstrated that TUSC2 was significantly 
downregulated in NPC tissue samples and cell lines. miR-663b negatively 
regulated the expression of TUSC2 at the post-transcriptional level in CNE1 
cells. Additionally, inhibition of TUSC2 expression attenuated the suppressive 
effects of miR-663b downregulation on the proliferation, migration and invasion 
of CNE1 cells. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to 
demonstrate that miR-663b, which is upregulated in NPC, promotes the 
proliferation, migration and invasion of NPC cells, partially through the 
inhibition of TUSC2 expression. Therefore, it is suggested that miR-663b is a 
promising therapeutic target for the treatment of patients with NPC.

DOI: 10.3892/etm.2017.4608
PMCID: PMC5526187
PMID: 28781619


1135. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Med Rep. 2017 Oct;16(4):4863-4870. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2017.7129. Epub 2017 Aug 
1.

miR-663 promotes NPC cell proliferation by directly targeting CDKN2A.

Liang S(1), Zhang N(1), Deng Y(1), Chen L(1), Zhang Y(1), Zheng Z(1), Luo W(1), 
Lv Z(1), Li S(1), Xu T(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Tumor Hospital of First People's Hospital of 
Foshan, Foshan, Guangdong 528041, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Mol Med Rep. 2022 Jan;25(1):23. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2021.12539.

MicroRNAs (miRs) act as important regulators during the development and 
progression of human cancer; however, the regulatory mechanism of miR-663 in 
nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) remains unclear. The present study demonstrated 
that serum miR‑663 levels were significantly increased in patients with NPC 
compared with healthy controls. In addition, the serum levels of miR‑663 were 
associated with the grade, lymph node metastasis and clinical stage of NPC. The 
expression of miR‑663 was increased in NPC C666‑1 cells, compared with normal 
nasopharyngeal epithelial NP69 cells. The knockdown of miR‑663 markedly 
decreased the proliferation of C666‑1 cells through the induction of cell cycle 
arrest at the G1 stage. Cyclin‑dependent kinase inhibitor 2A (CDKN2A) was 
hypothesized to be a putative target of miR‑663. Further investigation confirmed 
that miR‑663 was able to directly bind to the 3' untranslated region of CDKN2A 
mRNA, and to negatively regulate CDKN2A protein expression in C666‑1 cells. 
Inhibition of CDKN2A expression attenuated the suppressive effects of miR‑663 
knockdown on the proliferation and cell cycle progression of C666‑1 cells. In 
addition, it was observed that the mRNA and protein levels of CDKN2A were 
decreased in C666‑1 cells compared with NP69 cells. In conclusion, the results 
of the present study demonstrated that miR‑663 promoted the proliferation and 
cell cycle progression of NPC cells by directly targeting CDKN2A, suggesting 
that miR‑663 may become a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of NPC.

DOI: 10.3892/mmr.2017.7129
PMID: 28765905 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1136. Zhonghua Yu Fang Yi Xue Za Zhi. 2017 Aug 6;51(8):686-691. doi: 
10.3760/cma.j.issn.0253-9624.2017.08.006.

[The coping styles and its relationship with quality of life among 1 968 female 
breast cancer patients in Shanghai in 2014].

[Article in Chinese; Abstract available in Chinese from the publisher]

Deng QL(1), Zhao CC, Hu RY, Wang JW, Yu JM.

Author information:
(1)Key Laboratory of Health Technology Assessment of Ministry of Health, 
Collaborative Innovation Center of Social Risks Governance in Health, School of 
Public Health, Fudan University, Shanghai 200032, China.

Objective: To study the coping styles and its relationship with quality of life 
among part of the female breast cancer patients in Shanghai in 2014. Methods: In 
August of 2014, 1-3 block groups affiliated to Shanghai Cancer Rehabilitation 
Club were selected from each of the 17 districts of Shanghai by convenient 
sampling method. Respondents were recruited from these block groups via putting 
up posters in the community or top three hospitals nearby. The inclusion 
criteria were as follows: female, aged from 18 to 80 years old; the initial 
diagnosis or primary tumor was breast cancer, and active treatments including 
surgery, radiotherapy and chemotherapy were finished; capable of basic reading 
and comprehension, and there was no communication disorder; daily activities 
were not limited, and with no mental disorder or dysgnosia. Totally 2 205 
respondents were included. Questionnaire survey was conducted to collect the 
information of demographic characteristics, disease characteristics, result of 
European Organization for Research and Treatment of Cancer Quality of Life 
Questionnaire (EORTC QLQ-C30), and result of the Ways of Coping Inventory-Cancer 
Version (WOC-CA). 1 968 valid questionnaires were withdrawn. The results of 
respondent characteristics and WOC-CA were under descriptive analysis, and the 
differences of coping styles among groups of different demographic 
characteristics were compared using t test. In addition, we analyzed the 
correlation between respondents' coping styles and quality of life using partial 
correlation analysis. Results: The average age of the 1 968 respondents was 
(58.7±7.4) years old, and BMI was (24.4±5.4) kg/m(2). The score of positive 
coping styles was 2.04±0.41, and the score of negative coping styles was 
1.79±0.33. The scores of Physical Functioning (PF), Role Functioning (RF), 
Cognitive Functioning (CF), Emotional Functioning (EF), Social Functioning (SF), 
and Global Health (GH) were 83.40±12.18, 90.80±15.92, 80.72±16.29, 84.67±15.19, 
80.99±20.91, 65.27±21.21, respectively. Positive coping styles correlated with 
PF, EF, and GH positively, and the correlation coefficients were separately 
0.581 (P=0.046), 0.593 (P=0.045), 0.770 (P<0.001). Negative coping styles 
correlated with RF, CF, EF, and SF negatively, and the correlation coefficients 
were separately-0.672 (P=0.021),-0.815 (P=0.005),-0.121 (P<0.001),-0.123 
(P<0.001). Conclusion: Part of the female breast cancer patients in Shanghai in 
2014 mainly adopted positive coping styles, and in general the positive coping 
styles correlated with quality of life positively and negative coping styles 
correlated with quality of life negatively.

Publisher: 目的： 分析2014年上海市女性乳腺癌患者的应对方式及与生命质量的关系。 方法： 
于2014年8月，采用方便抽样的方法，在上海市17个区县中分别抽取1~3个上海市癌症康复俱乐部下属的社区块组，在其各自的社区及附近三甲医院内张贴海报招募调查对象。纳入标准为：18~80岁女性；初次诊断或原发肿瘤为乳腺癌，并且已结束积极治疗（包括手术、放疗、化疗）；具备基本的阅读理解能力，无交流障碍；日常活动不受限制，无精神疾病或智力障碍。最终纳入2 
205例，问卷调查内容包括人口学特征、疾病特征，以及欧洲癌症研究与治疗组织生命质量核心量表、癌症应对方式量表共回收有效问卷1 
968份。比较不同人口学特征在积极应对与消极应对得分方面的差异，并分析调查对象应对方式与生命质量的关系。 结果： 1 
968例调查对象的年龄为（58.7±7.4）岁，BMI为（24.4±5.4）kg/m(2)；积极应对得分为2.04±0.41，消极应对得分为1.79±0.33；躯体功能、角色功能、认知功能、情绪功能、社会功能和总体健康状况得分分别为83.40±12.18、90.80±15.92、80.72±16.29、84.67±15.19、80.99±20.91、65.27±21.21。积极应对与躯体功能、情绪功能和总体健康状况均呈正相关，其相关系数分别为0.581（P=0.046）、0.593（P=0.045）和0.770（P<0.001）；消极应对与角色功能、认知功能、情绪功能和社会功能均呈负相关，其相关系数分别为-0.672（P=0.021）、-0.815（P=0.005）、-0.121（P<0.001）和-0.123（P<0.001）。 
结论： 2014年上海市部分女性乳腺癌患者主要采用积极的应对方式，且总体上积极应对与生命质量呈正相关，消极应对与生命质量呈负相关。.

DOI: 10.3760/cma.j.issn.0253-9624.2017.08.006
PMID: 28763916 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1137. J Minim Invasive Gynecol. 2018 Feb;25(2):330-333. doi: 
10.1016/j.jmig.2017.07.013. Epub 2017 Jul 29.

Obturator Internus Muscle Endometriosis with Nerve Involvement: a Rare Clinical 
Presentation.

Osório F(1), Alves J(2), Pereira J(2), Magro M(2), Barata S(2), Guerra A(3), 
Setúbal A(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Hospital da Luz, Lisboa, Portugal. 
Electronic address: filipabosorio@gmail.com.
(2)Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Hospital da Luz, Lisboa, Portugal.
(3)Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Hospital da Luz, Lisboa, Portugal; 
Department of Radiology, Hospital da Luz, Lisboa, Portugal.

STUDY OBJECTIVE: To describe our surgical approach in a rare case of deep 
infiltrating endometriosis of the obturator internus muscle with obturator nerve 
involvement.
DESIGN: A step-by-step surgical explanation using video and literature review 
(Canadian Task Force Classification III).
SETTING: Endometriosis can be pelvic or rarely extrapelvic and is classically 
defined as the presence of endometrial glands and stroma outside the uterine 
cavity [1,2]. Pain along the sensitive area of the obturator nerve, thigh 
adduction weakness and difficulty in ambulation are extremely rare presenting 
symptoms [2-4].
PATIENT: We report a case of a 32-year-old patient who presented with cyclic leg 
pain in the inner right thigh radiating to the knee caused by a cystic 
endometriotic mass in the obturator internus muscle with nerve retraction. The 
patient provided informed consent to use the surgical video. Institutional 
review board approval was obtained.
INTERVENTIONS: Pelvic magnetic resonance imaging was performed and confirmed a 
nodular lesion of about 2.3 cm with high signal on T1WI and T2WI and without fat 
suppression on T2FS inside the right obturator internus muscle, suggesting an 
endometriotic lesion (Fig. 1). Surgical removal of the mass was performed using 
the laparoscopic approach. A normal pelvic cavity was found, and the 
retroperitoneal space was dissected. A mass located within the right obturator 
internus muscle, below the right iliac external vein, behind the corona mortis 
vein, and lateral to the right obturator nerve was identified. The whole region 
was inflamed, and the nerve was partially involved. Dissection was performed 
carefully with rupture of the tumor, releasing a chocolatelike fluid (Fig. 2), 
and the cyst was removed. Pathology examination was consistent with 
endometriosis. Patient improvement was observed, with pain relief and improved 
ability for right limb mobilization. No recurrence of endometriosis was found at 
the follow-up visit 6 months later.
MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: The obturator nerve is responsible for motor and 
sensitive innervation of the joins and internal muscles of thigh and knee as 
well as the innervation of skin in the internal thigh. Pain along the sensitive 
area of the obturator nerve at the time of menstruation, thigh adduction 
weakness, difficulty ambulating, or paresthesia can be presenting symptoms with 
the involvement of the obturator nerve [5]. Besides paresthesia, our patient 
presented all the symptoms. The suspected diagnosis of obturator internus muscle 
endometriosis with retraction of the obturator nerve was confirmed by 
laparoscopic surgery and pathological examination of the excised tissue. To our 
knowledge, only 4 cases of endometriosis involving the obturator nerve have been 
described (according to MEDLINE searched in January 2017) [5-8]. The 
laparoscopic approach provided an excellent access to the retroperitoneal space, 
allowing fine dissection of the obturator nerve and the surrounding structures 
with complete removal of the cystic mass.
CONCLUSION: We report a rare case of endometriosis with a single mass located 
inside the right obturator internus muscle with neuronal involvement of the 
obturator nerve. The fundamental role of laparoscopy was clearly demonstrated 
for the diagnosis and treatment of our patient.

Copyright © 2017 American Association of Gynecologic Laparoscopists. Published 
by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jmig.2017.07.013
PMID: 28760629 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1138. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oman J Ophthalmol. 2017 May-Aug;10(2):114-116. doi: 10.4103/0974-620X.209107.

Brachytherapy and anterior segment imaging in iris melanoma.

Song JSA(1), Dmytriw AA(2), Lakosha H(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences, Dalhousie University, 
Halifax, NS, Canada.
(2)Department of Medical Imaging, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada.

Retraction in
    Oman J Ophthalmol. 2018 Jan-Apr;11(1):100. doi: 10.4103/0974-620X.226329.

Ultrasound biomicroscopy (UBM) remains a potent tool in the diagnosis and 
characterization of uveal lesions. In the setting of malignancy, it can confirm 
both placement of and response to brachytherapy. We present a case of iris 
melanoma with aggressive BAP-1 mutation, treated successfully with I-131 
brachytherapy which was both characterized and followed with UBM and thereafter 
discuss the current state of these modalities.

DOI: 10.4103/0974-620X.209107
PMCID: PMC5516456
PMID: 28757700

Conflict of interest statement: There are no conflicts of interest.


1139. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Clin Invest. 2017 Aug 1;127(8):3075-3089. doi: 10.1172/JCI89092. Epub 2017 Jul 
24.

Targeting NEK2 attenuates glioblastoma growth and radioresistance by 
destabilizing histone methyltransferase EZH2.

Wang J(1)(2), Cheng P(2)(3), Pavlyukov MS(2)(4), Yu H(1)(2), Zhang Z(2), Kim 
SH(5), Minata M(2), Mohyeldin A(6), Xie W(1), Chen D(7), Goidts V(8), Frett 
B(9)(10), Hu W(11), Li H(9), Shin YJ(12)(13), Lee Y(12), Nam DH(12)(13)(14), 
Kornblum HI(15)(16)(17), Wang M(1), Nakano I(2)(18).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, The First Affiliated Hospital of Xi'an Jiaotong 
University, Xi'an, Shaanxi, China.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham, 
Alabama, USA.
(3)Department of Neurosurgery, The First Hospital, China Medical University, 
Shenyang, Liaoning, China.
(4)Shemyakin-Ovchinnikov Institute of Bioorganic Chemistry, Moscow, Russia.
(5)Department of Animal Science, College of Agriculture and Life Sciences, 
Chonnam National University, Gwangju, Republic of Korea.
(6)Department of Neurological Surgery, James Comprehensive Cancer Center, The 
Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, USA.
(7)Division of Preventive Medicine, University of Alabama at Birmingham, 
Birmingham, Alabama, USA.
(8)Division of Molecular Genetics, German Cancer Research Center, Heidelberg, 
Germany.
(9)Department of Pharmacology and Toxicology, University of Arizona, Tucson, 
Arizona, USA.
(10)Synactix Pharmaceuticals Inc., Tucson, Arizona, USA.
(11)Shanghai Engineering Research Center of Molecular Therapeutics and New Drug 
Development, East China Normal University, Shanghai, China.
(12)Institute for Refractory Cancer Research, Samsung Medical Center, Seoul, 
Republic of Korea.
(13)Department of Neurosurgery, Samsung Medical Center, Sungkyunkwan University 
School of Medicine, Seoul, Republic of Korea.
(14)Department of Health Science and Technology, Samsung Advanced Institute for 
Health Science and Technology, Sungkyunkwan University, Seoul, Republic of 
Korea.
(15)Departments of Psychiatry.
(16)Pharmacology, and.
(17)Pediatrics, David Geffen School of Medicine, UCLA, Los Angeles, California, 
USA.
(18)Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Alabama at Birmingham, 
Birmingham, Alabama, USA.

Retraction in
    J Clin Invest. 2020 Nov 2;130(11):6187. doi: 10.1172/JCI144618.

Expression of concern in
    J Clin Invest. 2020 Sep 1;130(9):5027. doi: 10.1172/JCI142404.

Accumulating evidence suggests that glioma stem cells (GSCs) are important 
therapeutic targets in glioblastoma (GBM). In this study, we identified 
NIMA-related kinase 2 (NEK2) as a functional binding protein of enhancer of 
zeste homolog 2 (EZH2) that plays a critical role in the posttranslational 
regulation of EZH2 protein in GSCs. NEK2 was among the most differentially 
expressed kinase-encoding genes in GSC-containing cultures (glioma spheres), and 
it was required for in vitro clonogenicity, in vivo tumor propagation, and 
radioresistance. Mechanistically, the formation of a protein complex comprising 
NEK2 and EZH2 in glioma spheres phosphorylated and then protected EZH2 from 
ubiquitination-dependent protein degradation in a NEK2 kinase activity-dependent 
manner. Clinically, NEK2 expression in patients with glioma was closely 
associated with EZH2 expression and correlated with a poor prognosis. NEK2 
expression was also substantially elevated in recurrent tumors after therapeutic 
failure compared with primary untreated tumors in matched GBM patients. We 
designed a NEK2 kinase inhibitor, compound 3a (CMP3a), which efficiently 
attenuated GBM growth in a mouse model and exhibited a synergistic effect with 
radiotherapy. These data demonstrate a key role for NEK2 in maintaining GSCs in 
GBM by stabilizing the EZH2 protein and introduce the small-molecule inhibitor 
CMP3a as a potential therapeutic agent for GBM.

DOI: 10.1172/JCI89092
PMCID: PMC5531394
PMID: 28737508 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of interest: The authors have declared 
that no conflict of interest exists.


1140. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncol Rep. 2017 Sep;38(3):1857-1866. doi: 10.3892/or.2017.5835. Epub 2017 Jul 
18.

MicroRNA-379 acts as a tumor suppressor in non-small cell lung cancer by 
targeting the IGF‑1R-mediated AKT and ERK pathways.

Zhou F(1), Nie L(1), Feng D(2), Guo S(1), Luo R(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Oncology, Suizhou Hospital, Hubei University of Medicine, 
Suizhou, Hubei 441399, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy and Chemotherapy, The Second People's Hospital of 
Yichang, Yichang, Hubei 43000, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Oncol Rep. 2022 Jul;48(1):128. doi: 10.3892/or.2022.8339.

Lung cancer is one of the most common types of malignancy in humans and is a 
leading cause of cancer-related deaths among men and women worldwide. Aberrantly 
expressed microRNAs in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) contribute to tumor 
occurrence and development as either tumor suppressors or promoters. 
MicroRNA-379 (miR‑379) is dysregulated in several types of human cancer. 
However, its expression pattern, role and underlying mechanism in NSCLC 
progression and metastasis are poorly understood. In this study, assay of 
reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction showed that miR‑379 
was downregulated in both NSCLC tissue and cell lines. Low miR‑379 expression in 
NSCLC tissues was significantly correlated with TNM stage and lymph node 
metastasis. In addition, functional experiments revealed that restoring the 
expression of miR‑379 inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion of 
NSCLC. The insulin-like growth factor receptor-1 (IGF‑1R) was identified as a 
direct target of miR‑379 in NSCLC. IGF‑1R was highly expressed in NSCLC tissues 
and inversely correlated with miR‑379 expression. Downregulation of IGF‑1R had 
tumor suppressive roles similar to that of miR‑379 overexpression on NSCLC cell 
proliferation, migration and invasion. Moreover, the upregulation of IGF‑1R 
effectively rescued the tumor suppressive roles induced by miR‑379 
overexpression in NSCLC. The resumption of the expression of miR‑379 inhibited 
the activation of AKT and ERK signaling pathways in NSCLC. These findings 
suggested that miR‑379 acts as a tumor suppressor in NSCLC by directly targeting 
IGF‑1R and indirectly regulating AKT and ERK signaling pathways. miR‑379 
provides novel therapeutic targets for the treatment of patients with this 
disease.

DOI: 10.3892/or.2017.5835
PMID: 28731178 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1141. Transplant Direct. 2017 Jun 6;3(7):e170. doi: 10.1097/TXD.0000000000000689. 
eCollection 2017 Jul.

Splenocyte Infusion and Whole-Body Irradiation for Induction of Peripheral 
Tolerance in Porcine Lung Transplantation: Modifications of the Preconditioning 
Regime for Improved Clinical Feasibility.

Jansson K(1)(2), Dreckmann K(2), Sommer W(1)(2), Avsar M(1), Salman J(1), 
Siemeni T(1), Knöfel AK(1), Pauksch L(1)(2), Gottlieb J(2)(3), Frühauf J(4), 
Werner M(4), Jonigk D(5), Strüber M(6), Haverich A(1)(2), Warnecke G(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Division of Cardiac, Thoracic, Transplantation and Vascular Surgery, Hannover 
Medical School, Hannover, Germany.
(2)The German Centre for Lung Research, Hannover Medical School, Hannover, 
Germany.
(3)The Department of Respiratory Medicine, Hannover Medical School, Hannover, 
Germany.
(4)The Department of Radiation Therapy and Oncology, Hannover Medical School, 
Hannover, Germany.
(5)The Institute for Pathology, Hannover Medical School, Hannover, Germany.
(6)The Richard DeVos Heart & Lung Transplant Program, Frederik Meijer Heart & 
Vascular Institute, Grand Rapids, MI.

BACKGROUND: Preoperative low-dose whole-body irradiation (IRR) with 1.5 and 7 Gy 
thymic IRR of the recipient, combined with a perioperative donor splenocyte 
infusion lead to reliable donor specific peripheral tolerance in our allogeneic 
porcine lung transplantation model. To reduce the toxicity of this 
preconditioning regime, modifications of the IRR protocol and their impact on 
allograft survival were assessed.
METHODS: Left-sided single lung transplantation from major histocompatibility 
complex and sex mismatched donors was performed in 14 adult female minipigs. 
Recipient animals were exposed to 3 different protocols of nonmyeloablative IRR 
within 12 hours before transplantation. All animals were administered a donor 
splenocyte infusion on the day of lung transplantation. Intravenous 
pharmacologic immunosuppression was withdrawn after 28 postoperative days. 
Allograft survival was monitored by chest radiographs and bronchoscopy.
RESULTS: IRR prolonged transplant survival in a dose- and field-dependent 
manner. Shielding of the bone marrow from IRR (total lymphoid IRR at 1.5 and 7 
Gy thymic IRR) significantly reduced protocol toxicity defined as 
thrombocytopenia and consecutive increased bleeding propensity, but had a less 
effective impact on graft survival. Whole-body IRR at 0.5 and 7 Gy thymic IRR 
proved to be ineffective for reliable tolerance induction. Eventually, high 
levels of circulating CD4+CD25high regulatory T cells were present in long-term 
survivors.
CONCLUSIONS: These data show that the infusion of donor-specific alloantigen in 
combination with IRR is efficient once a threshold dose is exceeded.

DOI: 10.1097/TXD.0000000000000689
PMCID: PMC5498011
PMID: 28706973

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


1142. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Mol Cancer Ther. 2017 Oct;16(10):2094-2106. doi: 10.1158/1535-7163.MCT-17-0385. 
Epub 2017 Jul 11.

MiR-125b Increases Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma Radioresistance by Targeting 
A20/NF-κB Signaling Pathway.

Li LN(1)(2), Xiao T(3), Yi HM(1), Zheng Z(1), Qu JQ(1)(4), Huang W(1), Ye X(1), 
Yi H(1), Lu SS(1), Li XH(1), Xiao ZQ(5).

Author information:
(1)Research Center of Carcinogenesis and Targeted Therapy, Xiangya Hospital, 
Central South University, Changsha, Hunan, China.
(2)Department of Pathology, Changzhi Medical College, Changzhi, Shanxi, China.
(3)Department of Dermatology, Xiangya Hospital, Central South University, 
Changsha, Hunan, China.
(4)Department of Oncology, Qianjiang Central Hospital of Chongqing, Jishou 
University, Hunan, China.
(5)Research Center of Carcinogenesis and Targeted Therapy, Xiangya Hospital, 
Central South University, Changsha, Hunan, China. zqxiao2001@hotmail.com.

Retraction in
    Mol Cancer Ther. 2018 Nov;17(11):2490. doi: 10.1158/1535-7163.MCT-18-0938.

Radioresistance poses a major challenge in nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) 
treatment, but little is known about how miRNA regulates this phenomenon. In 
this study, we investigated the function and mechanism of miR-125b in NPC 
radioresistance, one of upregulated miRNAs in the radioresistant NPC cells 
identified by our previous microarray analysis. We observed that miR-125b was 
frequently upregulated in the radioresistant NPCs, and its increment was 
significantly correlated with NPC radioresistance, and was an independent 
predictor for poor patient survival. In vitro radioresponse assays showed that 
miR-125b inhibitor decreased, whereas miR-125b mimic increased NPC cell 
radioresistance. In a mouse model, therapeutic administration of miR-125b 
antagomir dramatically sensitized NPC xenografts to irradiation. 
Mechanistically, we confirmed that A20 was a direct target of miR-125b and found 
that miR-125b regulated NPC cell radioresponse by targeting A20/NF-κB signaling. 
With a combination of loss-of-function and gain-of-function approaches, we 
further showed that A20 overexpression decreased while A20 knockdown increased 
NPC cell radioresistance both in vitro and in vivo Moreover, A20 was 
significantly downregulated while p-p65 (RelA) significantly upregulated in the 
radioresistant NPCs relative to radiosensitive NPCs, and miR-125b expression 
level was negatively associated with A20 expression level, whereas positively 
associated with p-p65 (RelA) level. Our data demonstrate that miR-125b and A20 
are critical regulators of NPC radioresponse, and high miR-125b expression 
enhances NPC radioresistance through targeting A20 and then activating the NF-κB 
signaling pathway, highlighting the therapeutic potential of the 
miR-125b/A20/NF-κB axis in clinical NPC radiosensitization. Mol Cancer Ther; 
16(10); 2094-106. ©2017 AACR.

©2017 American Association for Cancer Research.

DOI: 10.1158/1535-7163.MCT-17-0385
PMID: 28698199 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1143. World Neurosurg. 2017 Oct;106:339-354. doi: 10.1016/j.wneu.2017.06.161. Epub 
2017 Jul 8.

The Superior Frontal Transsulcal Approach to the Anterior Ventricular System: 
Exploring the Sulcal and Subcortical Anatomy Using Anatomic Dissections and 
Diffusion Tensor Imaging Tractography.

Koutsarnakis C(1), Liakos F(2), Kalyvas AV(3), Skandalakis GP(4), Komaitis S(3), 
Christidi F(5), Karavasilis E(6), Liouta E(7), Stranjalis G(3).

Author information:
(1)Athens Microneurosurgery Laboratory, Evangelismos Hospital, Athens, Greece; 
Department of Clinical Neuroscience, Western General Hospital, Edinburgh, United 
Kingdom. Electronic address: ckouts@hotmail.co.uk.
(2)Athens Microneurosurgery Laboratory, Evangelismos Hospital, Athens, Greece.
(3)Athens Microneurosurgery Laboratory, Evangelismos Hospital, Athens, Greece; 
Department of Neurosurgery, Evangelismos Hospital, Athens, Greece.
(4)Athens Microneurosurgery Laboratory, Evangelismos Hospital, Athens, Greece; 
School of Medicine, University of Athens, Athens, Greece.
(5)2nd Department of Radiology, School of Medicine, University of Athens, 
Athens, Greece.
(6)Department of Neurology, Aeginition Hospital, University of Athens, Athens, 
Greece.
(7)Hellenic Center for Neurosurgical Research, "Petros Kokkalis", Athens, 
Greece.

OBJECTIVE: To explore the superior frontal sulcus (SFS) morphology, trajectory 
of the applied surgical corridor, and white matter bundles that are traversed 
during the superior frontal transsulcal transventricular approach.
METHODS: Twenty normal, adult, formalin-fixed cerebral hemispheres and 2 
cadaveric heads were included in the study. The topography, morphology, and 
dimensions of the SFS were recorded in all specimens. Fourteen hemispheres were 
investigated through the fiber dissection technique whereas the remaining 6 were 
explored using coronal cuts. The cadaveric heads were used to perform the 
superior frontal transsulcal transventricular approach. In addition, 2 healthy 
volunteers underwent diffusion tensor imaging and tractography reconstruction 
studies.
RESULTS: The SFS was interrupted in 40% of the specimens studied and was always 
parallel to the interhemispheric fissure. The proximal 5 cm of the SFS (starting 
from the SFS precentral sulcus meeting point) were found to overlie the anterior 
ventricular system in all hemispheres. Five discrete white matter layers were 
identified en route to the anterior ventricular system (i.e., the arcuate 
fibers, the frontal aslant tract, the external capsule, internal capsule, and 
the callosal radiations). Diffusion tensor imaging studies confirmed the fiber 
tract architecture.
CONCLUSIONS: When feasible, the superior frontal transsulcal transventricular 
approach offers a safe and effective corridor to the anterior part of the 
lateral ventricle because it minimizes brain retraction and transgression and 
offers a wide and straightforward working corridor. Meticulous preoperative 
planning coupled with a sound microneurosurgical technique are prerequisites to 
perform the approach successfully.

Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.wneu.2017.06.161
PMID: 28698090 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1144. Clin Nucl Med. 2017 Sep;42(9):e422-e423. doi: 10.1097/RLU.0000000000001751.

Punctate Radiation Dermatitis of the Foot and Ankle Caused by Distal 
Embolization of 90Y Microspheres During Liver Directed Therapy.

Nia BB(1), Nia ES, Avery RJ, Kuo PH, Hennemeyer CT.

Author information:
(1)From the *College of Medicine, University of Texas Medical Branch, Galveston, 
TX; †Department of Medical Imaging, and ‡Section of Hematology/Oncology, 
Department of Medicine, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ.

A 41-year-old man with gastric adenocarcinoma presented with hepatic metastases. 
The metastases were refractory to systemic chemotherapy, so radioembolization 
with Y microspheres was performed. Because of stasis or saturation of the tumor 
with embolic particles, 79% of the microspheres were injected. At follow-up, the 
patient complained of "red bumps" that had developed on his right foot/ankle the 
day after the radioembolization. Because a portion of the dose was still in the 
catheter when withdrawn from the right femoral artery, the interventional 
radiologist used a Geiger counter to confirm radioactivity in the cutaneous 
lesions and thus the distal embolization of the microspheres.

DOI: 10.1097/RLU.0000000000001751
PMID: 28682846 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1145. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Radiol Prot. 2017 Sep 25;37(3):623-634. doi: 10.1088/1361-6498/aa6094. Epub 
2017 Jul 6.

Individual external dose monitoring of all citizens of Date City by passive 
dosimeter 5 to 51 months after the Fukushima NPP accident (series): II. 
Prediction of lifetime additional effective dose and evaluating the effect of 
decontamination on individual dose.

Miyazaki M(1), Hayano R.

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Health Management, Fukushima Medical University, 
Fukushima 960-1295, Japan.

Retraction in
    J Radiol Prot. 2020 Jul 24;40(3). doi: 10.1088/1361-6498/ab9ff1.

In the first paper of this series, we showed that the ratio c of individual dose 
to ambient dose did not change with time in Date City, Fukushima Prefecture, 
after the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant accident. The purpose of the 
present paper, the second in a series, is to estimate the lifetime doses of the 
Date City residents, based on continuous glass badge monitoring data, 
extrapolated by means of the ambient-dose-rate reduction function obtained from 
the airborne monitoring data. As a result, we found that the external exposure 
contribution to the mean additional lifetime dose of residents living in Date 
City is not expected to exceed 18 mSv. In addition, effects of decontamination 
on the reduction of individual doses were not evident. This method of combining 
individual doses and the ambient doses, as developed in this study, has made it 
possible to predict with reasonable certainty the lifetime doses of residents 
who continue to live in this radiologically contaminated area.

DOI: 10.1088/1361-6498/aa6094
PMID: 28682791 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1146. Mutat Res. 2017 Jun 15:S0027-5107(17)30112-4. doi: 10.1016/j.mrfmmm.2017.06.003. 
Online ahead of print.

WITHDRAWN: Mut Res special section "Protein modifications in DNA repair and 
cancer".

Takata M(1).

Author information:
(1)Kyoto University, Laboratory of DNA Damage Signaling, Department of Late 
Effects Studies, Radiation Biology Center, Kyoto, 606-8501, Japan. Electronic 
address: mtakata@house.rbc.kyoto-u.ac.jp.

DOI: 10.1016/j.mrfmmm.2017.06.003
PMID: 28641889


1147. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Chem Commun (Camb). 2017 Jul 4;53(54):7600-7603. doi: 10.1039/c7cc02935g.

Differential detection and quantification of cyclic AMP and other adenosine 
phosphates in live cells.

Das S(1), Sarkar HS, Uddin MR, Rissanen K, Mandal S, Sahoo P.

Author information:
(1)Department of Chemistry, Visva-Bharati university, Santiniketan, 731235, 
India. prithidipa@hotmail.com.

Retraction in
    Chem Commun (Camb). 2019 Oct 24;55(86):13016. doi: 10.1039/c9cc90450f.

Expression of concern in
    Chem Commun (Camb). 2019 Jun 11;55(48):6950. doi: 10.1039/c9cc90246e.

A new naphthol-based rhodamine derivative (NpRD) has been developed for the 
selective and differential detection of adenosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate 
(cAMP) and adenosine phosphates (APs) (ATP, ADP, and AMP) from other 
nucleotides. The simple detection and quantification of cAMP in human blood 
cells and in other samples based on the 'turn on' fluorescence properties of 
this chemosensor through colorimetry or fluorometry makes it unique for probable 
application in high throughput screening.

DOI: 10.1039/c7cc02935g
PMID: 28639644 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1148. Nat Commun. 2017 Jun 21;8:15831. doi: 10.1038/ncomms15831.

Optogenetic activation of Plexin-B1 reveals contact repulsion between 
osteoclasts and osteoblasts.

Deb Roy A(1), Yin T(1), Choudhary S(2), Rodionov V(1)(3), Pilbeam CC(2), Wu 
YI(1)(4).

Author information:
(1)Richard D. Berlin Center for Cell Analysis and Modeling, University of 
Connecticut School of Medicine, 400 Farmington Avenue, Farmington, Connecticut 
06030, USA.
(2)New England Musculoskeletal Institute, University of Connecticut School of 
Medicine, Farmington, Connecticut 06030, USA.
(3)Department of Cell Biology, University of Connecticut School of Medicine, 
Farmington, Connecticut 06030, USA.
(4)Department of Genetics and Genome Sciences, University of Connecticut School 
of Medicine, Farmington, Connecticut 06030, USA.

During bone remodelling, osteoclasts induce chemotaxis of osteoblasts and yet 
maintain spatial segregation. We show that osteoclasts express the repulsive 
guidance factor Semaphorin 4D and induce contact inhibition of locomotion (CIL) 
in osteoblasts through its receptor Plexin-B1. To examine causality and 
elucidate how localized Plexin-B1 stimulation may spatiotemporally coordinate 
its downstream targets in guiding cell migration, we develop an optogenetic tool 
for Plexin-B1 designated optoPlexin. Precise optoPlexin activation at the 
leading edge of migrating osteoblasts readily induces local retraction and, 
unexpectedly, distal protrusions to steer cells away. These morphological 
changes are accompanied by reorganization of Myosin II, PIP3, adhesion and 
active Cdc42. We attribute the resultant repolarization to RhoA/ROCK-mediated 
redistribution of β-Pix, which activates Cdc42 and promotes protrusion. Thus, 
our data demonstrate a causal role of Plexin-B1 for CIL in osteoblasts and 
reveals a previously unknown effect of Semaphorin signalling on spatial 
distribution of an activator of cell migration.

DOI: 10.1038/ncomms15831
PMCID: PMC5482063
PMID: 28635959 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing financial 
interests.


1149. J Mol Neurosci. 2017 Aug;62(3-4):430. doi: 10.1007/s12031-017-0935-8.

Retraction Note to: Nucleolin Promotes TGF-β Signaling Initiation via TGF-β 
Receptor I in Glioblastoma.

Lv S(1)(2), Zhang J(1)(3), Han M(2), Wang W(4), Zhang Y(2), Zhuang D(5), Shi 
R(2), Bian R(2), Yao C(6).

Author information:
(1)Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences & 
Peking Union Medical College, Beijing, China.
(2)Shandong University School of Medicine, Jinan, Shandong, China.
(3)The First Clinical College of Nanjing Medical University, Nanjing, China.
(4)Department of Radiotherapy, Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Chinese 
Academy of Medical Sciences & Peking Union Medical College, Beijing, China.
(5)Glioma Surgery Division, Neurological Surgery Department, Huashan Hospital, 
Shanghai Medical College of Fudan University, Shanghai, 200040, China.
(6)Glioma Surgery Division, Neurological Surgery Department, Huashan Hospital, 
Shanghai Medical College of Fudan University, Shanghai, 200040, China. 
cjyhuashan@163.com.

Retraction of
    J Mol Neurosci. 2015 Jan;55(1):1-6. doi: 10.1007/s12031-014-0292-9.

DOI: 10.1007/s12031-017-0935-8
PMID: 28620837


1150. Ann Surg Oncol. 2017 Sep;24(9):2547-2555. doi: 10.1245/s10434-017-5920-5. Epub 
2017 Jun 12.

Cosmetic Outcome and Chronic Breast Toxicity After Intraoperative Radiation 
Therapy (IORT) as a Single Modality or as a Boost Using the Intrabeam(®) Device: 
A Prospective Study.

Key S(1), Miglierini P(2), Dupré PF(3), Guilbert S(3), Lucia AS(2), Abgral R(4), 
Conan-Charlet V(5), Uguen A(5), Pradier O(2), Schick U(2).

Author information:
(1)Radiation Oncology Department, University Hospital, Brest, France. 
stephane.key@chu-brest.fr.
(2)Radiation Oncology Department, University Hospital, Brest, France.
(3)Gynecological Oncology Unit, University Hospital, Brest, France.
(4)Department of Nuclear Medicine, University Hospital, Brest, France.
(5)Pathology Department, University Hospital, Brest, France.

PURPOSE: We aim to report our results in terms of chronic toxicities and 
cosmetic outcomes after intraoperative radiotherapy (IORT) using kV X-rays in 
women treated for early breast cancer at our institution.
METHODS: Patients with early breast carcinoma were recruited between April 2011 
and November 2014. After breast-conserving surgery, patients were treated with 
IORT using the Intrabeam® device. IORT was completed by whole-breast 
radiotherapy (WBRT) at a dose of 46-50.4 Gy in 23-28 fractions in case of 
adverse pathologic criteria on the final specimen examination. Skin toxicity was 
graded using the Late Effects in Normal Tissues-Subjective, Objective, 
Management and Analytic (LENT-SOMA) scale every 6 months, and cosmetic outcomes 
were evaluated at 36 months by patient self-evaluation and by two radiation 
oncologists, on a 1-10 scale.
RESULTS: Forty-one women received IORT only and 30 patients received IORT 
followed by WBRT (IORT + WBRT group). After a median follow-up of 38.9 months, 
no locoregional or distant recurrence occurred. After IORT only, 2.4% of grade 2 
or higher breast fibrosis, and no other grade 2 or higher disease, was observed. 
In the IORT + WBRT group, grade 2 or higher fibrosis and grade 2 or higher 
breast retraction were observed in 43.3 and 23.3% of patients, respectively. 
Objective cosmetic outcomes were very good and significantly better in the 
IORT-only group compared with the IORT + WBRT group (8.87 vs. 6.96) (p < 0.001).
CONCLUSION: IORT using the Intrabeam® is well-tolerated, with very little 
chronic toxicity and good cosmetic outcome. However, a high rate of grade 2 or 
higher chronic breast toxicity was observed when IORT had to be completed by 
WBRT.

DOI: 10.1245/s10434-017-5920-5
PMID: 28608120 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1151. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Clinics (Sao Paulo). 2017 May;72(5):294-304. doi: 10.6061/clinics/2017(05)07.

Risk factors for the prognosis of pediatric medulloblastoma: a retrospective 
analysis of 40 cases.

Yu J(1), Zhao R(2), Shi W(1), Li H(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Children's Hospital of Fudan University, 
Shanghai, China.
(2)Children's Hospital of Fudan University, Shanghai, China.

Retraction in
    Clinics (Sao Paulo). 2017 Dec;72(12):790. doi: 10.6061/clinics/2017(12)12.

OBJECTIVES: In this study, we evaluated the association of molecular subtypes, 
clinical characteristics and pathological types with the prognosis of patients 
with medulloblastoma.
METHODS: We analyzed forty patients with medulloblastoma who underwent surgical 
resection at our center between January 2004 and June 2014. Risk factors 
associated with survival, disease progression and recurrence were analyzed with 
a univariate Cox regression analysis, and the identified significant risk 
factors were further analyzed by Kaplan-Meier survival curves.
RESULTS: Factors associated with overall survival included M stage (p=0.014), 
calcification (p=0.012), postoperative treatment, postoperative Karnofsky 
Performance Scale (KPS) score (p=0.015), and molecular subtype (p=0.005 for WNT 
and p=0.008 for SHH). Number of symptoms (p=0.029), M stage (p<0.001), and 
postoperative radiotherapy (p=0.033) were associated with disease progression. 
Patients with the WNT or SHH subtype had better survival outcomes than patients 
with non-WNT/SHH subtypes. Risk factors for disease progression-free survival 
were symptoms >2 and ≥M1 stage without postoperative radiotherapy. The risk of 
recurrence increased with advanced M stage. Protective factors for recurrence 
included M0 stage and a combination of chemotherapy and radiotherapy.
CONCLUSION: We identified the risk factors associated with survival, disease 
progression and recurrence of medulloblastoma patients. This information is 
helpful for understanding the prognostic factors related to medulloblastoma.

DOI: 10.6061/clinics/2017(05)07
PMCID: PMC5439114
PMID: 28591342 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: No potential conflict of interest was reported.


1152. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2017 Jun 20;114(25):6593-6598. doi: 
10.1073/pnas.1702395114. Epub 2017 Jun 5.

Asymmetric distribution of type IV pili triggered by directional light in 
unicellular cyanobacteria.

Nakane D(1), Nishizaka T(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Physics, Gakushuin University, Tokyo 171-8588, Japan.
(2)Department of Physics, Gakushuin University, Tokyo 171-8588, Japan 
takayuki.nishizaka@gakushuin.ac.jp.

The type IV pili (T4P) system is a supermolecular machine observed in 
prokaryotes. Cells repeat the cycle of T4P extension, surface attachment, and 
retraction to drive twitching motility. Although the properties of T4P as a 
motor have been scrutinized with biophysics techniques, the mechanism of 
regulation remains unclear. Here we provided the framework of the T4P dynamics 
at the single-cell level in Synechocystis sp. PCC6803, which can recognize light 
direction. We demonstrated that the dynamics was detected by fluorescent beads 
under an optical microscope and controlled by blue light that induces negative 
phototaxis; extension and retraction of T4P was activated at the forward side of 
lateral illumination to move away from the light source. Additionally, we 
directly visualized each pilus by fluorescent labeling, allowing us to quantify 
their asymmetric distribution. Finally, quantitative analyses of cell tracking 
indicated that T4P was generated uniformly within 0.2 min after blue-light 
exposure, and within the next 1 min the activation became asymmetric along the 
light axis to achieve directional cell motility; this process was mediated by 
the photo-sensing protein, PixD. This sequential process provides clues toward a 
general regulation mechanism of T4P system, which might be essentially common 
between archaella and other secretion apparatuses.

DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1702395114
PMCID: PMC5488941
PMID: 28584115 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


1153. World Neurosurg. 2017 Aug;104:1049.e11-1049.e15. doi: 
10.1016/j.wneu.2017.05.090. Epub 2017 May 24.

A New Sling Technique in Cervical Radiculopathy Caused by Vertebral Artery Loop 
Compression.

Ju CI(1), Kim JM(2), Kim JG(2), Kim SW(2), Lee SM(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neurosurgery, Chosun University Hospital, Seo-gu, Gwangju, 
Republic of Korea. Electronic address: jchangil@chosun.ac.kr.
(2)Department of Neurosurgery, Chosun University Hospital, Seo-gu, Gwangju, 
Republic of Korea.

BACKGROUND: A 52-year-old woman had a 20-month history of progressive radiating 
pain in the left arm and numbness on C7 dermatome.
CASE DESCRIPTION: On physical examination, left head rotation aggravated the 
radiculopathic pain. For an anatomic diagnosis of the vertebral artery and nerve 
root, magnetic resonance angiography was performed (computed tomography 
angiography was not possible because of her dye allergy history). Magnetic 
resonance angiography showed a left vertebral artery loop entering at the C6-7 
intervertebral foramen. Surgical microvascular decompression was performed by an 
anterior cervical approach and the loop of the artery was fixed using a sling 
technique. Postoperative computed tomography angiography showed that the left 
vertebral artery was retracted anteriorly and the C7 nerve root was decompressed 
in the intervertebral foramen at the left C6-7 level.
CONCLUSIONS: The patient's radiculopathic symptoms were improved and especially 
the aggravated pain by left head rotation subsided dramatically.

Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.wneu.2017.05.090
PMID: 28552697 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1154. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2017 May 11;10:2527-2538. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S134551. 
eCollection 2017.

MicroRNA-381 enhances radiosensitivity in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma by 
targeting X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein.

Zhou S(1), Cui Y(1), Yu D(1), Liang J(1), Zhang M(2), Ye W(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy.
(2)Department of Gastroenterology, Tangdu Hospital, Fourth Military Medical 
University, Xi'an, China.

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2023 May 11;16:311-312. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S420793.

BACKGROUND: Increasing evidence indicates that radioresistance remains a major 
problem in the treatment of patients with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma 
(ESCC). This study was designed to investigate the expression of microRNA-381 
(miR-381) and its function in the radioresistance of ESCC.
METHODS: In this study, miR-381 expression was first detected in ESCC cell lines 
and tissue samples by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction 
(qRT-PCR). Then, the effects of miR-381 expression on growth, apoptosis, and 
radiosensitivity of ESCC cells were analyzed by MTT, colony formation, and flow 
cytometry, respectively. Dual-luciferase reporter assays were performed to 
validate the regulation of a putative target of miR-381, in corroboration with 
qRT-PCR and Western blotting assays.
RESULTS: ESCC cell lines or tissues were found to express significantly lower 
miR-381 than normal esophageal epithelial cells or adjacent normal tissues, 
respectively. Ectopic expression of miR-381 in ESCC cell lines blocked 
proliferation, reduced colony formation, enhanced apoptosis, and increased 
radiosensitivity by enhancing irradiation-induced apoptosis. In addition, 
dual-luciferase reporter assays showed that miR-381 binds to the 3'-untranslated 
region of X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein (XIAP), suggesting that XIAP 
should be a direct target of miR-381. Re-expression of miR-381 suppressed XIAP 
protein expression in ESCC cells, and the effects of miR-381 upregulation on 
ESCC cells were found to be similar with silencing of XIAP. In addition, XIAP 
mRNA expression significantly increased in ESCC tissues and was inversely 
correlated with miR-381 expression.
CONCLUSION: The results of this study suggest that miR-381/XIAP pathway 
contributed to the growth inhibition, increase in apoptosis, and enhancement of 
radiosensitivity in ESCC cells Therefore, miR-381 may be a potential therapeutic 
target in human ESCC.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S134551
PMCID: PMC5436762
PMID: 28546757

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure The authors report no conflicts of 
interest in this work.


1155. Ophthalmic Plast Reconstr Surg. 2018 May/Jun;34(3):231-236. doi: 
10.1097/IOP.0000000000000929.

Scleral Contact Lenses in an Academic Oculoplastics Clinic: Epidemiology and 
Emerging Considerations.

Chahal HS(1), Estrada M(2), Sindt CW(1), Boehme JA(1), Greiner MA(1), Nerad 
JA(3), Carter KD(1)(4), Allen RC(1)(4), Shriver EM(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences, Carver College of Medicine, 
University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinic, Iowa City, Iowa.
(2)Carver College of Medicine, University of Iowa, Iowa City, Iowa.
(3)Department of Ophthalmology, Cincinnati Eye Institute, Cincinnati, Ohio.
(4)Department of Otolaryngology- Head and Neck Surgery, Carver College of 
Medicine, University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics, Iowa City, Iowa, U.S.A.

PURPOSE: To describe the role and efficacy of scleral contact lenses (SCLs) in 
the treatment of progressive keratopathy in patients who have undergone 
periocular surgical procedures, to investigate the financial impact of these 
surgical interventions, and to demonstrate the role of oculoplastic surgery in 
improving scleral contact lens fit.
METHODS: A retrospective medical record review was performed to identify 
patients who both received SCLs and were examined by the oculoplastics service 
at the University of Iowa between January 1990 and December 2015. Inclusion 
criteria also required a minimum of 12 months of patient follow up after being 
fit with a SCL. The indication for SCL use, as well as clinical outcomes and 
cumulative relative value units (RVUs) of prior oculoplastic treatments and SCL 
therapy were recorded for each patient.
RESULTS: Six hundred and fifty-nine patients were fitted with SCLs at the 
authors' institution during the 25-year study period, 43 of whom were examined 
by the oculoplastics service for reasons related to their SCL. Patients who were 
fitted for SCLs before (27 patients) or after (16 patients) evaluation in the 
oculoplastics clinic presented with a variety of corneal and periocular 
pathology. Corneal indications for SCLs in patients seen secondarily in the 
oculoplastics clinic included decreased corneal sensation (from CN V palsy or 
neurotrophic keratopathy), decreased corneal healing from limbal stem cell 
deficiency, exposure keratopathy, and keratoconjunctivitis sicca secondary to 
Sjogren's syndrome or orbital radiation. Indications for oculoplastic clinic 
evaluation in current scleral lens patients included lagophthalmos, trichiasis, 
epiphora, cicatricial changes in the eyelids or fornices, and eyelid or eyebrow 
malposition affecting SCL centration. In all 27 patients, surgical intervention 
resulted in improved SCL centration. Sixteen patients (5 with CN VII palsy, 4 
with CN V and CN VII palsy, 4 with neurotrophic keratitis, and 3 with 
cicatricial entropion) had progressive corneal decompensation despite primary 
oculoplastics procedures to protect the cornea and ultimately benefitted from 
SCL treatment secondarily. Fourteen of these 16 patients demonstrated an 
improved visual acuity of 1 line or more using SCLs. Procedures performed before 
referral for SCLs included tarsorrhaphies, gold weights, ectropion repair with 
lateral tarsal strip, retraction repair with spacer grafts, full-thickness skin 
grafts, cheek lifts, and punctal occlusion. The total RVUs of these procedures 
performed per patient were tabulated. The RVU range was 10.47-33.96 with an 
average of 19.5 RVUs (standard deviation = 9.4 RVUs) per patient.
CONCLUSIONS: Scleral contact lenses may offer a useful alternative to stabilize 
the ocular surface, improve vision, and minimize the financial impact and 
morbidity of multiple periocular procedures in select patients with progressive 
keratopathy of varying etiologies. The therapeutic indications and utilization 
of SCLs are likely to increase in oculoplastic practices with optometric 
support, particularly in academic settings. Surgical correction of eyelid and 
eyebrow malposition, as well as epiphora, may also be useful adjunctive 
procedures to optimize SCL fit.

DOI: 10.1097/IOP.0000000000000929
PMID: 28538612 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1156. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cell Physiol Biochem. 2017;42(1):211-221. doi: 10.1159/000477314. Epub 2017 May 
25.

MiR-424 Promotes Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Progression and Metastasis through 
Regulating the Tumor Suppressor Gene TNFAIP1.

Zhang M(1), Gao C(2), Yang Y(1), Li G(3), Dong J(4), Ai Y(1), Ma Q(3), Li W(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, The Third Affiliated Hospital of Kunming 
Medical University, Tumor Hospital of Yunnan Province, Kunming, China.
(2)Department of Medical Oncology, The First Affiliated Hospital of Kunming 
Medical University, Kunming, China.
(3)Department of Thoracic Surgery, The Third Affiliated Hospital of Kunming 
Medical University, Tumor Hospital of Yunnan Province, Kunming, China.
(4)The Third Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University, Tumor Hospital 
of Yunnan Province, Kunming, China.

Retraction in
    Cell Physiol Biochem. 2021;55(4):522. doi: 10.33594/000000414.

BACKGROUND/AIMS: This study aimed to investigate the potential roles of miR-424 
expression in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) metastasis and growth and its 
underlying mechanism.
METHODS: The expression of miR-424 in two NSCLC cell lines (A549 and H1975) was 
altered by transfection with miR-424 mimic and inhibitor. Effects of miR-424 
overexpression and suppression on cells migration, invasion and colony formation 
were analyzed. Target genes for miR-424 were predicted using bioinformatics 
method and then verified using luciferase assay. Effects of miR-424 expression 
on cell migration, invasion and proliferation were reanalyzed on the condition 
of TNFAIP1 was silenced. Moreover, TNFAIP1 silencing and miR-424 modified A549 
cells were subcutaneous injected into node BALB/c mice to confirm the regulation 
of miR-424 on TNFAIP1 in regulating tumor growth.
RESULTS: Compared with the control, miR-424 overexpression significantly 
increased the migrated and invaded cells, as well as the proliferated colonies. 
TNFAIP1 was a predicted target gene for miR-424, and was negatively regulated by 
miR-424. TNFAIP1 silence significantly increased the migrated and invaded cells 
compared to that in control, while these increases were abolished by miR-424 
suppression. Animal experiment further evidenced miR-424 affected tumor growth 
by regulating TNFAIP1.
CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate that miR-424 may be a contributor for NSCLC 
progression and metastasis through involving in cell migration, invasion and 
proliferation via inhibiting TNFAIP1. This study may provide theoretical basis 
for miR-424 in NSCLC target therapeutic treatment.

© 2017 The Author(s). Published by S. Karger AG, Basel.

DOI: 10.1159/000477314
PMID: 28535539 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1157. Radiology. 2017 Jun;283(3):909-916. doi: 10.1148/radiol.2017150456.

Case 242: Radiation-induced Angiosarcoma.

Disharoon M(1), Kozlowski KF(1), Kaniowski JM(1).

Author information:
(1)From the Department of Diagnostic Radiology, Michigan State 
University/Beaumont Hospital-Dearborn, 18101 Oakwood Blvd, Dearborn, MI 48183 
(M.D.); Knoxville Comprehensive Breast Center, Knoxville, Tenn (K.F.K.); and 
Drs. Harris, Birkhill, Wang, Songe and Associates, Beaumont Breast Care 
Center-Wayne, Wayne, Mich (J.M.K.).

History In 2004, this woman received a diagnosis of invasive mammillary 
carcinoma, tubular variant, strongly positive for estrogen and progesterone 
receptors. Her lesion was found at screening mammography performed at an outside 
institution when she was 59 years old. She underwent partial mastectomy, with 
partial axillary node dissection and sentinel node mapping. A 0.6 × 0.5 cm 
Nottingham grade 1 infiltrating ductal carcinoma was removed from the right 
upper outer quadrant, margins were free of tumor, and there was no 
angiolymphatic invasion. The six dissected lymph nodes were negative for 
malignancy. Her surgical history was otherwise unremarkable. Her medical history 
was positive for hypercholesterolemia and depression. Pertinent family history 
included breast cancer in both her mother and her sister. Given the patient's 
age, tumor size, lack of nodal involvement, and clear surgical margins, she met 
recommended MammoSite criteria, and she underwent accelerated partial breast 
radiation. She subsequently received 340 cGy of radiation twice a day for a 
total dose of 3400 cGy in 10 administrations in February 2005. Accelerated 
partial breast radiation treatment was completed in February 2005, and she 
received subsequent routine care. Prior to 2014, the only postoperative 
complication was a chronic radiation bed seroma, which required periodic 
percutaneous drainage. She did not develop postsurgical lymphedema. In December 
2013, 9 years after accelerated partial breast radiation treatment, she 
experienced progressive painful pruritic breast fullness, skin dimpling, and 
skin discoloration of the mastectomy scar and radiation bed. She sought medical 
care in January 2014 after she noticed a periareolar ulcerating skin plaque, 
more noticeable nipple retraction, and new onset of retroareolar aching. At 
physical examination ( Fig 1 ), there was generalized periareolar erythema, 
dimpling, firmness, and fixation involving the central breast and right upper 
outer quadrant. There was more conspicuous retraction of the nipple when 
compared with that seen at prior examinations. Nipple discharge was not present. 
There was a 1-cm periareolar ulcerating skin plaque. The only discrete palpable 
finding was lumpectomy bed seroma. There was no palpable axillary adenopathy. 
[Figure: see text] A diagnostic mammogram was obtained and compared with the 
most recent studies available. Ultrasonography (US) and magnetic resonance (MR) 
imaging were performed. Her most recent mammogram, obtained 3 months earlier in 
September 2013, reported Breast Imaging Reporting and Data System (BI-RADS) 
category 2 findings (ie, stable postoperative benign findings).

DOI: 10.1148/radiol.2017150456
PMID: 28514220 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1158. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncol Rep. 2017 Jun;37(6):3361-3368. doi: 10.3892/or.2017.5636. Epub 2017 May 
11.

Knockdown of CREB1 inhibits tumor growth of human gastric cancer in vitro and in 
vivo.

Rao M(1), Zhu Y(2), Cong X(3), Li Q(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gastroenterology, The First Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, Jilin 130021, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University, 
Changchun, Jilin 130033, P.R. China.
(3)Department of Gastroenterology, The People's Hospital of Jilin Province, 
Changchun, Jilin 130021, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Oncol Rep. 2021 Dec;46(6):251. doi: 10.3892/or.2021.8202.

cAMP responsive element binding protein 1 (CREB1) gene, has been reported to 
play crucial roles in tumor progression and development in various types of 
cancer. Little is known, however, about its role and underlying mechanism in 
gastric cancer (GC). Herein, we investigated the biological roles and molecular 
mechanism of CREB1 in GC. The expression level was determined in four GC cell 
lines by quantitative RT-PCR and western blotting. Recombinant expression vector 
carrying small interfering RNA (siRNA) targeting CREB1 was constructed and then 
transfected into human GC cell line (SGC-7901). Cell proliferation, colony 
formation, cycle distribution, migration and invasion in vitro were determined 
by MTT, colony forming, flow cytometry, would healing and Transwell invasion 
assays after CREB1 knockdown. Tumor growth in vivo was assessed by measurement 
of tumor volume and weight in a nude mouse model. We found that CREB1 was highly 
expressed in the human GC cell lines. We also showed that knockdown of CREB1 in 
SGC-7901 cells significantly inhibited cell proliferation, colony formation, 
migration and invasion and induced cell arrest at G1/G0 phase in vitro, as well 
as suppressed tumor growth in vivo. In addition, CREB1 knockdown was able to 
significantly reduce expression of its downstream target genes cyclin D1, Bcl-2 
and MMP-9 in vitro and in vivo. These findings suggest that CREB1 may be a 
potential therapeutic target for the treatment of gastric cancer.

DOI: 10.3892/or.2017.5636
PMID: 28498439 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1159. Brachytherapy. 2017 Jul-Aug;16(4):877-883. doi: 10.1016/j.brachy.2017.02.011. 
Epub 2017 May 8.

Comparing the RTOG/EORTC and LENT-SOMA scoring systems for the evaluation of 
late skin toxicity after (125)I seed brachytherapy for parotid gland cancer.

Mao MH(1), Zhang J(2), Zhang JG(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Head and Neck Oncology, Capital Medical University School of 
Stomatology, Beijing, PR China.
(2)Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, Peking University School and 
Hospital of Stomatology, Beijing, PR China.

Erratum in
    Brachytherapy. 2018 Jan - Feb;17(1):250. doi: 10.1016/j.brachy.2017.11.017.

PURPOSE: The Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) and Late Effects Normal 
Tissue Task Force-Subjective, Objective, Management and Analytic (LENT-SOMA) 
scoring systems were compared for grading late skin effects after iodine-125 
seed brachytherapy in parotid gland cancer patients.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: A total of 109 patients diagnosed with parotid gland 
carcinoma were treated postoperatively with iodine-125 seed brachytherapy at a 
dose of 100-120 Gy. After 6-24 months of followup, telangiectasia, skin 
pigmentation, atrophy, fibrosis, and ulceration were scored according to both 
RTOG and LENT-SOMA scale criteria. The strength of correlation between the 
scores and the interobserver variability were calculated.
RESULTS: Of 109 patients, 22.9% had telangiectasia; 78.9%, pigmentation; 28.4%, 
fibrosis; 4.6%, edema; 0.9%, ulceration; 37.6%, retraction and/or atrophy; 
22.9%, sensation change; and 11%, scaliness and/or roughness. Compared with 
RTOG, LENT-SOMA criteria resulted in the upgrading of pigmentation in 17% of 
cases, the downgrading of all instances of telangiectasia and the downgrading of 
one instance of Grade 4 ulceration to Grade 3. Between the two scales, fibrosis 
and atrophy correlated well (Spearman ρ, 0.992, 0.986). An additional 229 side 
effects were observed using LENT-SOMA criteria.
CONCLUSIONS: The LENT-SOMA scale was more accurate than the RTOG scale for the 
evaluation of late skin and subcutaneous toxicity. The downgrading of 
telangiectasia and upgrading of pigmentation with the LENT-SOMA scale reflected 
the patients' conditions better than the scores obtained with the RTOG scale. 
The assessment of fibrosis and atrophy correlated well between the two scales. 
The use of the sum of the individual scores of the LENT-SOMA is therefore 
advocated. The addition of decreased sweating and the removal of the alopecia 
(scalp) metric should be considered to standardize the reporting of late 
radiation morbidity.

Copyright © 2017 American Brachytherapy Society. Published by Elsevier Inc. All 
rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.brachy.2017.02.011
PMID: 28495444


1160. PLoS One. 2017 May 11;12(5):e0177512. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0177512. 
eCollection 2017.

Evolutionary transition towards permanent chloroplasts? - Division of 
kleptochloroplasts in starved cells of two species of Dinophysis (Dinophyceae).

Rusterholz PM(1), Hansen PJ(1), Daugbjerg N(1).

Author information:
(1)Marine Biological Section, Department of Biology, University of Copenhagen, 
Copenhagen, Denmark.

Species within the marine toxic dinoflagellate genus Dinophysis are phagotrophic 
organisms that exploit chloroplasts (kleptochloroplasts) from other protists to 
perform photosynthesis. Dinophysis spp. acquire the kleptochloroplasts from the 
ciliate Mesodinium rubrum, which in turn acquires the chloroplasts from a unique 
clade of cryptophytes. Dinophysis spp. digest the prey nuclei and all other cell 
organelles upon ingestion (except the kleptochloroplasts) and they are therefore 
believed to constantly acquire new chloroplasts as the populations grow. 
Previous studies have, however, indicated that Dinophysis can keep the 
kleptochloroplasts active during long term starvation and are able to produce 
photosynthetic pigments when exposed to prey starvation. This indicates a 
considerable control over the kleptochloroplasts and the ability of Dinophysis 
to replicate its kleptochloroplasts was therefore re-investigated in detail in 
this study. The kleptochloroplasts of Dinophysis acuta and Dinophysis acuminata 
were analyzed using confocal microscopy and 3D bioimaging software during long 
term starvation experiments. The cell concentrations were monitored to confirm 
cell divisions and samples were withdrawn each time a doubling had occurred. The 
results show direct evidence of kleptochloroplastidic division and that the 
decreases in total kleptochloroplast volume, number of kleptochloroplasts and 
number of kleptochloroplast centers were not caused by dilution due to cell 
divisions. This is the first report of division of kleptochloroplasts in any 
protist without the associated prey nuclei. This indicates that Dinophysis spp. 
may be in a transitional phase towards possessing permanent chloroplasts, which 
thereby potentially makes it a key organism to understand the evolution of 
phototrophic protists.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0177512
PMCID: PMC5426790
PMID: 28493958 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Competing Interests: The authors have declared 
that no competing interests exist.


1161. Phys Med Biol. 2017 Jun 21;62(12):5046-5075. doi: 10.1088/1361-6560/aa716e. Epub 
2017 May 5.

Inorganic scintillation detectors based on Eu-activated phosphors for (192)Ir 
brachytherapy.

Kertzscher G(1), Beddar S.

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Physics, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer 
Center, Houston, TX, United States of America.

The availability of real-time treatment verification during high-dose-rate (HDR) 
brachytherapy is currently limited. Therefore, we studied the luminescence 
properties of the widely commercially available scintillators using the 
inorganic materials Eu-activated phosphors Y2O3:Eu, YVO4:Eu, Y2O2S:Eu, and 
Gd2O2S:Eu to determine whether they could be used to accurately and precisely 
verify HDR brachytherapy doses in real time. The suitability for HDR 
brachytherapy of inorganic scintillation detectors (ISDs) based on the 4 
Eu-activated phosphors in powder form was determined based on experiments with a 
192Ir HDR brachytherapy source. The scintillation intensities of the phosphors 
were 16-134 times greater than that of the commonly used organic plastic 
scintillator BCF-12. High signal intensities were achieved with an optimized 
packing density of the phosphor mixture and with a shortened fiber-optic cable. 
The influence of contaminating Cerenkov and fluorescence light induced in the 
fiber-optic cable (stem signal) was adequately suppressed by inserting between 
the fiber-optic cable and the photodetector a 25 nm band-pass filter centered at 
the emission peak. The spurious photoluminescence signal induced by the stem 
signal was suppressed by placing a long-pass filter between the scintillation 
detector volume and the fiber-optic cable. The time-dependent luminescence 
properties of the phosphors were quantified by measuring the non-constant 
scintillation during irradiation and the afterglow after the brachytherapy 
source had retracted. We demonstrated that a mixture of Y2O3:Eu and YVO4:Eu 
suppressed the time-dependence of the ISDs and that the time-dependence of 
Y2O2S:Eu and Gd2O2S:Eu introduced large measurement inaccuracies. We conclude 
that ISDs based on a mixture of Y2O3:Eu and YVO4:Eu are promising candidates for 
accurate and precise real-time verification technology for HDR BT that is cost 
effective and straightforward to manufacture. Widespread dissemination of this 
technology could lead to an improved understanding of error types and 
frequencies during BT and to improved patient safety during treatment.

DOI: 10.1088/1361-6560/aa716e
PMCID: PMC5738922
PMID: 28475494 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1162. Med Res Rev. 2018 Mar;38(2):525-555. doi: 10.1002/med.21445. Epub 2017 May 3.

Development of Safe Drugs: The hERG Challenge.

Kalyaanamoorthy S(1), Barakat KH(1)(2)(3).

Author information:
(1)Faculty of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences, University Of Alberta, 
Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
(2)Li Ka Shing Institute of Virology, University of Alberta, Edmonton, Alberta, 
Canada.
(3)Li Ka Shing Applied Virology Institute, University of Alberta, Edmonton, 
Alberta, Canada.

Drug-induced blockade of human ether-a-go-go-related gene (hERG) remains a major 
impediment in delivering safe drugs to the market. Several drugs have been 
withdrawn from the market due to their severe cardiotoxic side effects triggered 
by their off-target interactions with hERG. Thus, identifying the potential hERG 
blockers at early stages of lead discovery is fast evolving as a standard in 
drug design and development. A number of in silico structure-based models of 
hERG have been developed as a low-cost solution to evaluate drugs for hERG 
liability, and it is now agreed that the hERG blockers bind at the large central 
cavity of the channel. Nevertheless, there is no clear convergence on the 
appropriate drug binding modes against the channel. The proposed binding modes 
differ in their orientations and interpretations on the role of key residues in 
the channel. Such ambiguities in the modes of binding remain to be a significant 
challenge in achieving efficient computational predictive models and in saving 
many important already Food and Drug Administration approved drugs. In this 
review, we discuss the spectrum of reported binding modes for hERG blockers, the 
various in silico models developed for predicting a drug's affinity to hERG, and 
the known successful optimization strategies to avoid off-target interactions 
with hERG.

© 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/med.21445
PMID: 28467598 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1163. Med Phys. 2017 Aug;44(8):4341-4349. doi: 10.1002/mp.12309. Epub 2017 Jun 24.

Imaging features from pretreatment CT scans are associated with clinical 
outcomes in nonsmall-cell lung cancer patients treated with stereotactic body 
radiotherapy.

Li Q(1)(2), Kim J(3), Balagurunathan Y(2), Liu Y(1), Latifi K(4), Stringfield 
O(2), Garcia A(2), Moros EG(2)(4), Dilling TJ(4), Schabath MB(5), Ye Z(1), 
Gillies RJ(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiology, National Clinical Research Center of Cancer, Key 
Laboratory of Cancer Prevention and Therapy, Tianjin Medical University Cancer 
Institute and Hospital, Tianjin, China.
(2)Department of Cancer Imaging and Metabolism, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center & 
Research Institute, Tampa, FL, USA.
(3)Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center 
& Research Institute, Tampa, FL, USA.
(4)Department of Radiation Oncology, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center & Research 
Institute, Tampa, FL, USA.
(5)Department of Cancer Epidemiology, H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center & Research 
Institute, Tampa, FL, USA.

PURPOSE: To investigate whether imaging features from pretreatment planning CT 
scans are associated with overall survival (OS), recurrence-free survival (RFS), 
and loco-regional recurrence-free survival (LR-RFS) after stereotactic body 
radiotherapy (SBRT) among nonsmall-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients.
PATIENTS AND METHODS: A total of 92 patients (median age: 73 yr) with stage I or 
IIA NSCLC were qualified for this study. A total dose of 50 Gy in five fractions 
was the standard treatment. Besides clinical characteristics, 24 "semantic" 
image features were manually scored based on a point scale (up to 5) and 219 
computer-derived "radiomic" features were extracted based on whole tumor 
segmentation. Statistical analysis was performed using Cox proportional hazards 
model and Harrell's C-index, and the robustness of final prognostic model was 
assessed using tenfold cross validation by dichotomizing patients according to 
the survival or recurrence status at 24 months.
RESULTS: Two-year OS, RFS and LR-RFS were 69.95%, 41.3%, and 51.85%, 
respectively. There was an improvement of Harrell's C-index when adding imaging 
features to a clinical model. The model for OS contained the Eastern Cooperative 
Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status [Hazard Ratio (HR) = 2.78, 95% 
Confidence Interval (CI): 1.37-5.65], pleural retraction (HR = 0.27, 95% CI: 
0.08-0.92), F2 (short axis × longest diameter, HR = 1.72, 95% CI: 1.21-2.44) and 
F186 (Hist-Energy-L1, HR = 1.27, 95% CI: 1.00-1.61); The prognostic model for 
RFS contained vessel attachment (HR = 2.13, 95% CI: 1.24-3.64) and F2 
(HR = 1.69, 95% CI: 1.33-2.15); and the model for LR-RFS contained the ECOG 
performance status (HR = 2.01, 95% CI: 1.12-3.60) and F2 (HR = 1.67, 95% CI: 
1.29-2.18).
CONCLUSIONS: Imaging features derived from planning CT demonstrate prognostic 
value for recurrence following SBRT treatment, and might be helpful in patient 
stratification.

© 2017 American Association of Physicists in Medicine.

DOI: 10.1002/mp.12309
PMCID: PMC5553698
PMID: 28464316 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Dr. Gillies reports grants from National Cancer 
Institute and nonfinancial support from HealthMyne. The other authors declare 
that they have no conflicts of interest.


1164. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Transl Med. 2017 Apr 28;15(1):85. doi: 10.1186/s12967-017-1187-7.

TREM-1 associated macrophage polarization plays a significant role in inducing 
insulin resistance in obese population.

Subramanian S(1), Pallati PK(2), Sharma P(3), Agrawal DK(1), Nandipati KC(4)(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Clinical and Translational Science, Creighton University School 
of Medicine, Omaha, NE, USA.
(2)Department of Surgery, Creighton University School of Medicine, 601 N. 30th 
Street, Suite # 3700, Omaha, NE, 68131, USA.
(3)Department of Pathology, Creighton University School of Medicine, Omaha, NE, 
USA.
(4)Department of Clinical and Translational Science, Creighton University School 
of Medicine, Omaha, NE, USA. Kalyana.Nandipati@alegent.org.
(5)Department of Surgery, Creighton University School of Medicine, 601 N. 30th 
Street, Suite # 3700, Omaha, NE, 68131, USA. Kalyana.Nandipati@alegent.org.

Retraction in
    J Transl Med. 2020 May 13;18(1):197. doi: 10.1186/s12967-020-02365-1.

BACKGROUND: TREM-1 acts as an amplifier of inflammation expressed on 
macrophages. The objective of this study was to evaluate the relationship 
between TREM-1 and macrophage polarization, and association of TREM-1 and M1 
macrophage polarization with insulin resistance (IR) in obese population 
compared to non-obese population.
METHODS: We enrolled 38 patients after obtaining IRB approval for this study. We 
evaluated the mRNA and protein expression levels of general macrophage marker 
(CD68), M1 marker (CD86, CCR7, iNOS, IFNγ, TNF-α and IL-6,), M2 marker (CD206, 
CD163, IL-10, IL-4) and chemokine axis (MCP-1, CCR2 and CCR5) along with TREM-1 
and TREM-2 in omentum fat, subcutaneous fat, and liver biopsy tissues of 
non-obese (N = 5), obese non-diabetics, (N = 16) and obese diabetics (N = 17).
RESULTS: The results of our study showed over-expression of TREM-1, M1 markers 
and down-regulation of TREM-2 and M2 markers in the omentum, subcutaneous and 
liver biopsies of obese patients (diabetics and non-diabetics) compared to 
non-obese patients. Overall, the obese diabetic group showed a significant 
(p < 0.05) higher number of patients with over expression of M1 markers (TREM-1, 
CD68, CD86, CCR-7, iNOS, IFN-γ, TNF-α, IL-6, MCP-1, CCR-2 and CCR-5) and 
down-regulation of M2 markers (CD206, CD163 and IL-4) in liver biopsy compared 
to obese non-diabetics.
CONCLUSIONS: TREM-1 expression is significantly increased along with the M1 
markers in liver biopsy of obese diabetic (17/17) and obese non-diabetic 
patients (9/16). Our data suggests that TREM-1 overexpression and M1 macrophage 
polarization are associated with obesity-induced IR.

DOI: 10.1186/s12967-017-1187-7
PMCID: PMC5408415
PMID: 28454543 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1165. Am J Health Syst Pharm. 2017 May 1;74(9):e211-e223. doi: 10.2146/ajhp150818.

Stability study of methotrexate in 0.9% sodium chloride injection and 5% 
dextrose injection with limit tests for impurities.

Nissen KB(1), Jorgensen LB(2), Berg DL(3), Andersen G(2).

Author information:
(1)Hospital Pharmacy Funen, Odense University Hospital, Odense, Denmark. 
klaus.nissen@rsyd.dk.
(2)Hospital Pharmacy Funen, Odense University Hospital, Odense, Denmark.
(3)Quality and Regulatory Affairs, Amgros I/S, Copenhagen, Denmark.

PURPOSE: Results of an evaluation of the stability of methotrexate in 0.9% 
sodium chloride injection and 5% dextrose injection are presented.
METHODS: Methotrexate concentrated solution (100 mg/mL) was diluted to nominal 
concentrations of 0.2 and 20 mg/mL in infusion bags containing 0.9% sodium 
chloride injection or 5% dextrose injection. The filled bags were stored for 28 
days at 25 °C and 60% relative humidity and protected from light. Samples were 
withdrawn for analysis on the day of preparation and after 3, 7, 14, 21, and 28 
days. The test program included visual inspections, measurements of pH and 
infusion bag weight loss, and high-performance liquid chromatography assays to 
determine methotrexate content and characterize degradation products.
RESULTS: At both evaluated concentrations, methotrexate in 0.9% sodium chloride 
injection was stable for 28 days; only minor (<0.05%) increases in amounts of 
known and unknown degradation products were detected. In 5% dextrose injection, 
methotrexate at the higher concentration was stable for 28 days, with minor 
formation of degradation products; in the 0.2-mg/mL solution, however, 
methotrexate was stable for only 3 days. At later time points, an unknown 
impurity present at a concentration higher than 0.1% was observed.
CONCLUSION: At concentrations of 0.2 and 20 mg/mL, methotrexate in 0.9% sodium 
chloride injection was found to be stable for 28 days when stored at 25 °C and 
protected from light. Under the same storage conditions, methotrexate in a 
20-mg/mL solution prepared with 5% dextrose injection was stable for 28 days, 
whereas a 0.2-mg/mL solution in the same diluent was stable for only 3 days.

Copyright © 2017 by the American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, Inc. All 
rights reserved.

DOI: 10.2146/ajhp150818
PMID: 28438826 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1166. Radiat Res. 2017 Jun;187(6):743-754. doi: 10.1667/RR14668.1. Epub 2017 Apr 24.

Consuming a Ketogenic Diet while Receiving Radiation and Chemotherapy for 
Locally Advanced Lung Cancer and Pancreatic Cancer: The University of Iowa 
Experience of Two Phase 1 Clinical Trials.

Zahra A(1), Fath MA(1), Opat E(1), Mapuskar KA(1), Bhatia SK(1), Ma DC(1), 
Rodman SN III(1), Snyders TP(1), Chenard CA(2), Eichenberger-Gilmore JM(3), 
Bodeker KL(1), Ahmann L(1), Smith BJ(4), Vollstedt SA(1), Brown HA(1), Hejleh 
TA(5), Clamon GH(5), Berg DJ(5), Szweda LI(6), Spitz DR(1), Buatti JM(1), Allen 
BG(1).

Author information:
(1)a   Department of Radiation Oncology, University of Iowa, Iowa City, Iowa 
52242.
(2)b   Department of Internal Medicine, University of Iowa, Iowa City, Iowa 
52242.
(3)c   Iowa City VA Healthcare System, University of Iowa, Iowa City, Iowa 
52242.
(4)d   Holden Comprehensive Cancer Center, University of Iowa, Iowa City, Iowa 
52242.
(5)e   Division of Hematology and Oncology in the Department of Internal 
Medicine, University of Iowa, Iowa City, Iowa 52242.
(6)f   Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73104.

Ketogenic diets are low in carbohydrates and high in fat, which forces cells to 
rely more heavily upon mitochondrial oxidation of fatty acids for energy. 
Relative to normal cells, cancer cells are believed to exist under a condition 
of chronic mitochondrial oxidative stress that is compensated for by increases 
in glucose metabolism to generate reducing equivalents. In this study we tested 
the hypothesis that a ketogenic diet concurrent with radiation and chemotherapy 
would be clinically tolerable in locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer 
(NSCLC) and pancreatic cancer and could potentially exploit cancer cell 
oxidative metabolism to improve therapeutic outcomes. Mice bearing MIA PaCa-2 
pancreatic cancer xenografts were fed either a ketogenic diet or standard rodent 
chow, treated with conventionally fractionated radiation (2 Gy/fraction), and 
tumor growth rates were assessed daily. Tumors were assessed for immunoreactive 
4-hydroxy-2-nonenal-(4HNE)-modfied proteins as a marker of oxidative stress. 
Based on this and another previously published preclinical study, phase 1 
clinical trials in locally advanced NSCLC and pancreatic cancer were initiated, 
combining standard radiation and chemotherapy with a ketogenic diet for six 
weeks (NSCLC) or five weeks (pancreatic cancer). The xenograft experiments 
demonstrated prolonged survival and increased 4HNE-modfied proteins in animals 
consuming a ketogenic diet combined with radiation compared to radiation alone. 
In the phase 1 clinical trial, over a period of three years, seven NSCLC 
patients enrolled in the study. Of these, four were unable to comply with the 
diet and withdrew, two completed the study and one was withdrawn due to a 
dose-limiting toxicity. Over the same time period, two pancreatic cancer 
patients enrolled in the trial. Of these, one completed the study and the other 
was withdrawn due to a dose-limiting toxicity. The preclinical experiments 
demonstrate that a ketogenic diet increases radiation sensitivity in a 
pancreatic cancer xenograft model. However, patients with locally advanced NSCLC 
and pancreatic cancer receiving concurrent radiotherapy and chemotherapy had 
suboptimal compliance to the oral ketogenic diet and thus, poor tolerance.

DOI: 10.1667/RR14668.1
PMCID: PMC5510645
PMID: 28437190 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1167. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Rep. 2017 Apr 24;7:46603. doi: 10.1038/srep46603.

Empirical Modeling of Physiochemical Immune Response of Multilayer Zinc Oxide 
Nanomaterials under UV Exposure to Melanoma and Foreskin Fibroblasts.

Fakhar-E-Alam M(1)(2)(3), Akram MW(1), Iqbal S(3), Alimgeer KS(4), Atif M(5)(6), 
Sultana K(2), Willander M(2), Wang ZM(1).

Author information:
(1)Institute of Fundamental and Frontier Science, University of Electronic 
Science and Technology of China, 610054 Chengdu, China.
(2)Department of Science and Technology, Campus Norrköping, Linköping 
University, SE-601 74 Norrköping, Sweden.
(3)Department of Physics, GC University, 38000 Faisalabad, Pakistan.
(4)COMSATS Institute of Information Technology, Islamabad, Pakistan.
(5)Department of Physics and Astronomy, College of Science, King Saud 
University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
(6)National Institute of Laser and Optronics, Nilore, Islamabad, Pakistan.

Retraction in
    Sci Rep. 2023 Aug 9;13(1):12912. doi: 10.1038/s41598-023-40251-0.

Carcinogenesis is a complex molecular process starting with genetic and 
epigenetic alterations, mutation stimulation, and DNA modification, which leads 
to proteomic adaptation ending with an uncontrolled proliferation mechanism. The 
current research focused on the empirical modelling of the physiological 
response of human melanoma cells (FM55P) and human foreskin fibroblasts cells 
(AG01518) to the multilayer zinc oxide (ZnO) nanomaterials under UV-A exposure. 
To validate this experimental scheme, multilayer ZnO nanomaterials were grown on 
a femtotip silver capillary and conjugated with protoporphyrin IX (PpIX). 
Furthermore, PpIX-conjugated ZnO nanomaterials grown on the probe were inserted 
into human melanoma (FM55P) and foreskin fibroblasts cells (AG01518) under UV-A 
light exposure. Interestingly, significant cell necrosis was observed because of 
a loss in mitochondrial membrane potential just after insertion of the femtotip 
tool. Intense reactive oxygen species (ROS) fluorescence was observed after 
exposure to the ZnO NWs conjugated with PpIX femtotip model under UV exposure. 
Results were verified by applying several experimental techniques, e.g., ROS 
detection, MTT assay, and fluorescence spectroscopy. The present work reports 
experimental modelling of cell necrosis in normal human skin as well as a 
cancerous tissue. These obtained results pave the way for a more rational 
strategy for biomedical and clinical applications.

DOI: 10.1038/srep46603
PMCID: PMC5402280
PMID: 28436451 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing financial 
interests.


1168. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Med Sci Monit. 2017 Apr 23;23:1947-1955. doi: 10.12659/msm.903377.

Clinical Importance of Somatostatin Receptor 2 (SSTR2) and Somatostatin Receptor 
5 (SSTR5) Expression in Thyrotropin-Producing Pituitary Adenoma (TSHoma).

Yu B(1), Zhang Z(1), Song H(1)(2), Chi Y(3)(4), Shi C(3), Xu M(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Imaging, Yantai Yuhuangding Hospital, Yantai, Shandong, China 
(mainland).
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, The Second Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao 
University, Qingdao, Shandong, China (mainland).
(3)Department of Intensive Care Unit (ICU), The Second Affiliated Hospital of 
Qingdao University, Qingdao, Shandong, China (mainland).
(4)Department of Clinical Laboratory, People's Hospital of Weifang, Weifang, 
Shandong, China (mainland).

Retraction in
    Med Sci Monit. 2018 Aug 24;24:5904. doi: 10.12659/MSM.912715.

BACKGROUND Thyrotropin-secreting pituitary adenomas (TSHomas) are a rare cause 
of hyperthyroidism. Somatostatin analogs have proved to be effective for 
inhibiting pituitary hormones secretion, working via interactions with 
somatostatin receptors (SSTRs). Moreover, antiproliferative activity of 
somatostatin analog is now demonstrated in several studies. In the present 
study, we determined the relative predominance of SSTR2 and SSTR5 subtypes among 
the different types of adenomas, especially TSHoma, and investigated the 
relationship between efficacy of short-term octreotide (OCT) treatment and SSTR 
expression. MATERIAL AND METHODS Serum hormone determinations and histological 
findings in resected tissue resulted in 5 diagnoses: 16 TSHomas, 8 acromegaly, 3 
prolactinomas, 3 corticotropinomas, 4 clinically nonfunctioning adenomas 
(NFPAs), and 4 normal pituitary specimens. IHC was performed on formalin-fixed 
and paraffin-embedded tissue in tissue microarrays. RESULTS IHC of SSTR subtypes 
in the different cohorts showed SSTR2 staining intensity scores higher than 
SSTR5 in TSHoma, acromegaly and prolactinoma, whereas the expression of SSTR5 
was stronger than SSTR2 in corticotropinoma and NFPA. SSTR2 and SSTR5 
expressions were significantly higher in TSHoma than in other pituitary 
adenomas. OCT treatment for a median of 8.4 days (range: 3-18 days) and with a 
total median dose of 1.9 mg (range: 0.9-4.2 mg) showed a significant decrease of 
thyroid hormone levels (TSH [μIU/ml] in all patients. Patients with low SSTR5 
expression presented a significantly higher TSH suppression rate (P values 
<0.05). CONCLUSIONS The present data confirm that somatostatin analogs should be 
considered as a medical alternative to surgical treatment, especially in 
patients with TSHoma, and short-term response to OCT therapy may be related to 
the expression of SSTR5.

DOI: 10.12659/msm.903377
PMCID: PMC5411020
PMID: 28434012 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1169. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Sci Rep. 2017 Apr 21;7:46581. doi: 10.1038/srep46581.

Verteporfin-induced formation of protein cross-linked oligomers and high 
molecular weight complexes is mediated by light and leads to cell toxicity.

Konstantinou EK(1), Notomi S(1), Kosmidou C(1), Brodowska K(1), Al-Moujahed 
A(1), Nicolaou F(2), Tsoka P(1), Gragoudas E(1), Miller JW(1), Young LH(1), 
Vavvas DG(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Ophthalmology, Retina service, Harvard Medical School, Boston, 
Massachusetts, USA.
(2)Pediatric Surgery Laboratories, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, 
Massachusetts 02114, United States.

Retraction in
    Sci Rep. 2024 May 14;14(1):11040. doi: 10.1038/s41598-024-61893-8.

Verteporfin (VP) was first used in Photodynamic therapy, where a non-thermal 
laser light (689 nm) in the presence of oxygen activates the drug to produce 
highly reactive oxygen radicals, resulting in local cell and tissue damage. 
However, it has also been shown that Verteporfin can have non-photoactivated 
effects such as interference with the YAP-TEAD complex of the HIPPO pathway, 
resulting in growth inhibition of several neoplasias. More recently, it was 
proposed that, another non-light mediated effect of VP is the formation of 
cross-linked oligomers and high molecular weight protein complexes (HMWC) that 
are hypothesized to interfere with autophagy and cell growth. Here, in a series 
of experiments, using human uveal melanoma cells (MEL 270), human embryonic 
kidney cells (HEK) and breast cancer cells (MCF7) we showed that 
Verteporfin-induced HMWC require the presence of light. Furthermore, we showed 
that the mechanism of this cross-linking, which involves both singlet oxygen and 
radical generation, can occur very efficiently even after lysis of the cells, if 
the lysate is not protected from ambient light. This work offers a better 
understanding regarding VP's mechanisms of action and suggests caution when one 
studies the non-light mediated actions of this drug.

DOI: 10.1038/srep46581
PMCID: PMC5399488
PMID: 28429726 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing financial 
interests.


1170. Dermatol Ther. 2017 Jul;30(4). doi: 10.1111/dth.12497. Epub 2017 Apr 20.

Medium-sized nevus spilus of the neck treated with pulsed dye laser.

Abrusci V(1), Benzecry V(1).

Author information:
(1)Abrusci Studio, Milan, Italy.

Patients with large benign melanocytic lesions located on the neck represent a 
therapeutic challenge since the neck is a high-risk area for hypertrophic 
scarring and/or retraction. When treating a benign, extensive and visible 
melanocytic lesion, the choice of therapy mainly depends on the likelihood of 
improved cosmesis. We report a case of a 33-year-old woman with a medium-sized 
Nevus Spilus located on the neck, successfully treated with four sessions of 
pulsed dye laser. We achieved an excellent clinical and cosmetic result in such 
a challenging area. No scarring, distortion or significant dyscromia were 
observed after 24 months.

© 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1111/dth.12497
PMID: 28425593 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1171. Mol Neurobiol. 2017 Nov;54(9):7550. doi: 10.1007/s12035-017-0508-4.

Retraction Note to "SDF-1/CXCR4 Axis Regulates Cell Cycle Progression and 
Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition via Up-regulation of Survivin in 
Glioblastoma".

Liao A(1), Shi R(2), Jiang Y(3), Tian S(3), Li P(4), Song F(4), Qu Y(4), Li 
J(3), Yun H(5), Yang X(6).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Peking University Third Hospital, No. 49 
Hua Yuan Bei Lu, Beijing, 100191, China. liaoanyan323@126.com.
(2)Department of General Surgery, Shandong Provincial Hospital, Shandong 
University, Jinan, Shandong, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Peking University Third Hospital, No. 49 
Hua Yuan Bei Lu, Beijing, 100191, China.
(4)Qilu Hospital, Shandong University School of Medicine, Shandong University, 
Jinan, Shandong, China.
(5)Department of Pathology, Qilu Hospital, Shandong University, Jinan, Shandong, 
China.
(6)Department of Pathology, Affiliated Hospital of Shandong Academy of Medical 
Sciences, Jinan, Shandong, China.

Retraction of
    Mol Neurobiol. 2016 Jan;53(1):210-215. doi: 10.1007/s12035-014-9006-0.

DOI: 10.1007/s12035-017-0508-4
PMID: 28421531


1172. Exp Ther Med. 2017 Apr;13(4):1604-1607. doi: 10.3892/etm.2017.4158. Epub 2017 
Feb 22.

A simple method of placing a coronary sinus catheter through the femoral vein in 
miniature swine.

Bai Y(1), Hu L(1), Yu D(1), Peng S(1), Zhang M(1), Liu X(1), Gu Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Cardiology, Puai Hospital, Huazhong University of Science and 
Technology, Wuhan, Hubei 430033, P.R. China.

The aim of the present study was to evaluate the feasibility of placing a 
coronary sinus (CS) catheter through the femoral veins of miniature swine. A 
total of 16 male domestic pigs (3-4 months old, 25±2 kg) were used. Firstly, the 
anatomic structure of the CS ostium of swine heart was observed at different 
angles under X-ray. The guide wire and Cobara catheter were subsequently 
advanced into the right atrium through the femoral vein. Subsequently, the guide 
wire was retracted behind the fix curve of the Cobara catheter and the catheter 
bent spontaneously in the absence of supporting guide wire following retraction. 
The catheter was then gently rotated clockwise to direct the catheter tip to the 
left allowing the catheter to easily be placed in the CS ostium. This method was 
associated with a short procedure time: The time on separation of the blood 
vessels was 15.5±5.8 min and the time of radiation exposure was 112±20 sec. The 
success rate of placing the catheter to CS ostium was 100%. Only one pig 
experienced a hematoma after the sheath was pulled out. All swine recovered 
without serious complications, such as perforation of coronary vein and 
pericardial tamponade. Therefore, this method of placing CS catheter is simple, 
safe and reliable, which may offer help for related research.

DOI: 10.3892/etm.2017.4158
PMCID: PMC5377517
PMID: 28413516


1173. Cureus. 2017 Mar 3;9(3):e1073. doi: 10.7759/cureus.1073.

Facial Paralysis and Hearing Loss: A Rare Manifestation of Prostate Cancer 
Metastases.

Ibrahim U(1), Saqib A(2), Mohammad F(1), Raza MR(3), Nalluri N(4), Forte F(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Hematology and Oncology, Staten Island University Hospital.
(2)Pulmonary/Critical Care, Staten Island University Hospital.
(3)Cardiology, Staten Island University Hospital.
(4)Department of Internal Medicine, Staten Island University Hospital.

Dural prostate metastases (DPM) are a rare manifestation of metastatic prostate 
cancer seen in approximately one to six percent of cases. Presenting symptoms 
may include signs of elevated intracranial pressure, headache, altered mental 
status, or cranial nerve palsies. Hearing loss, sensory changes, dysarthria, and 
dysphagia are rare symptoms in DPM that were present in our patient. We present 
a case of a 58-year-old male with a known diagnosis of adenocarcinoma of the 
prostate presenting with symptoms of acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive 
pulmonary disease (COPD), sub-acute right-sided hearing loss, and right-sided 
facial paralysis. Over the course of hospitalization, his neurological symptoms 
worsened and he developed dysarthria, dysphagia, facial numbness, and worsening 
back pain. He also appeared more withdrawn and lethargic. The symptoms prompted 
a neurological evaluation and a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed 
multiple areas of bone marrow signal abnormality compatible with osseous 
metastatic disease. There was extensive smooth dural thickening as well as focal 
nodular thickening, both consistent with dural metastases. The patient was 
treated with corticosteroids and external beam radiation therapy (EBRT) with 
improvement in his back pain and facial paralysis. He died two weeks after 
completing EBRT. Although rare, DPM should be suspected in males over 50 years 
of age presenting with neurological symptoms. An MRI with gadolinium is most 
helpful in delineating the presence and extent of dural and calvarial 
involvement. Corticosteroids and EBRT have been shown to improve neurological 
function in up to 67% of patients. However, median survival post-radiation 
remains approximately three months.

DOI: 10.7759/cureus.1073
PMCID: PMC5378472
PMID: 28409073

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


1174. Turk J Ophthalmol. 2017 Apr;47(2):94-105. doi: 10.4274/tjo.80688. Epub 2017 Apr 
1.

Thyroid-associated Ophthalmopathy.

Şahlı E(1), Gündüz K(2).

Author information:
(1)Ankara Numune Training and Research Hospital, Ophthalmology Clinic, Ankara, 
Turkey.
(2)Ankara University Faculty of Medicine, Department of Ophthalmology, Ankara, 
Turkey.

Thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy is the most frequent extrathyroidal 
involvement of Graves' disease but it sometimes occurs in euthyroid or 
hypothyroid patients. Thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy is an autoimmune 
disorder, but its pathogenesis is not completely understood. Autoimmunity 
against putative antigens shared by the thyroid and the orbit plays a role in 
the pathogenesis of disease. There is an increased volume of extraocular 
muscles, orbital connective and adipose tissues. Clinical findings of 
thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy are soft tissue involvement, eyelid 
retraction, proptosis, compressive optic neuropathy, and restrictive myopathy. 
To assess the activity of the ophthalmopathy and response to treatment, clinical 
activity score, which includes manifestations reflecting inflammatory changes, 
can be used. Supportive approaches can control symptoms and signs in mild cases. 
In severe active disease, systemic steroid and/or orbital radiotherapy are the 
main treatments. In inactive disease with proptosis, orbital decompression can 
be preferred. Miscellaneous treatments such as immunosuppressive drugs, 
somatostatin analogs, plasmapheresis, intravenous immunoglobulins and 
anticytokine therapies have been used in patients who are resistant to 
conventional treatments. Rehabilitative surgeries are often needed after 
treatment.

DOI: 10.4274/tjo.80688
PMCID: PMC5384127
PMID: 28405484

Conflict of interest statement: Conflict of Interest: No conflict of interest 
was declared by the authors.


1175. Rev Sci Instrum. 2017 Mar;88(3):033102. doi: 10.1063/1.4975096.

Laboratory-based high pressure X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy: A novel and 
flexible reaction cell approach.

Kerherve G(1), Regoutz A(1), Bentley D(2), Hood C(2), Feeley K(2), Knight S(2), 
Robson A(2), Turner C(2), Singh N(2), Pontefract J(2), Åhlund J(3), Kahk JM(1), 
Villar-Garcia IJ(1), Payne DJ(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Materials, Imperial College London, Exhibition Road, London SW7 
2AZ, United Kingdom.
(2)Vacgen Ltd., Maunsell Road, Castleham Industrial Estate, Hastings, East 
Sussex TN38 9NN, United Kingdom.
(3)Scienta Omicron AB, P.O. Box 15120, 750 15 Uppsala, Sweden.

The last 10-15 years have witnessed a resurgence in the application of high 
pressure X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, mainly through the development of new 
electron energy analyser designs and the utilization of high-brilliance 
synchrotron radiation sources. To continue this expansion of the technique, it 
is crucial that instruments are developed for the home-laboratory, considering 
that this is where the vast majority of traditional ultra-high vacuum (UHV) 
X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy is performed. The research presented here 
introduces a new addition to the field, an instrument capable of performing 
spectroscopy measurements from UHV to high pressure (25 mbar), achieved using a 
retractable and modular reaction cell design. The ease of use, stability (of 
analyser, X-ray source, and gas delivery, etc.), and overall capability of the 
instrument will be demonstrated.

DOI: 10.1063/1.4975096
PMID: 28372401


1176. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Onco Targets Ther. 2017 Mar 23;10:1809-1819. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S122803. 
eCollection 2017.

Role of Nrf2 signaling pathway in the radiation tolerance of patients with head 
and neck squamous cell carcinoma: an in vivo and in vitro study.

Wang T(1), Hu P(1), Li B(1), Zhang JP(1), Cheng YF(1), Liang YM(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiotherapy, Qilu Hospital of Shandong University, Jinan, 
People's Republic of China.

Retraction in
    Onco Targets Ther. 2022 Jul 28;15:827-828. doi: 10.2147/OTT.S383774.

We aimed to investigate the relationship between the nuclear factor erythroid 
2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) signaling pathway and the radiation tolerance of 
patients with head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). From January 2015 
to January 2016, 117 patients with HNSCC were enrolled in our study and assigned 
into the sensitive and tolerance groups based on curative effect. 
Immunohistochemistry (IHC) was conducted to measure protein expressions of Nrf2, 
heme oxygenase-1 (HO1), NADPH quinine oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) and glutathione 
S-transferase (GST). Human squamous cell carcinoma cell line, HSC-4, was induced 
by radiation to construct the HSC-4-radiation resistance (RR) cell line. HSC-4 
and HSC-4-RR were also assigned into the blank, negative control (NC) and Nrf2 
siRNA groups. Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8), quantitative real-time polymerase 
chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and Western blotting were employed to detect cell 
viability, mRNA expression and protein expression, respectively, of Nrf2, HO1, 
NQO1 and GST. A total of 40 nude mice were equally assigned into the untreated, 
Nrf2 siRNA, radiation therapy (RT) and RT + Nrf2 siRNA groups. Compared with the 
sensitive group, patients in the tolerance group had upregulated Nrf2, HO1, NQO1 
and GST expressions. HSC-4-RR cell line had improved cell viability and higher 
protein and mRNA expressions of Nrf2, HO1, NQO1 and GST compared with HSC-4 cell 
line. Compared with the HSC-4-NC and HSC-4-blank groups, the HSC-4-Nrf2 siRNA 
group had downregulated cell viability. Compared with the HSC-4-RR-NC and 
HSC-4-RR-blank groups, the HSC-4-RR-Nrf2 siRNA group had lower cell viability. 
However, the HSC-4-RR-Nrf2 siRNA group had elevated cell viability than the 
HSC-4-Nrf2 siRNA group. Tumor volume and tumor weight in the RT and RT + Nrf2 
siRNA groups decreased evidently. The RT + Nrf2 siRNA group exhibited decreased 
tumor volume and tumor weight in comparison with the RT group. Our data 
demonstrated that downregulation of HO1, NQO1 and GST via inhibiting Nrf2 
signaling pathway reduces the radiation tolerance of patients with HNSCC.

DOI: 10.2147/OTT.S122803
PMCID: PMC5370066
PMID: 28367064

Conflict of interest statement: Disclosure The authors report no conflicts of 
interest in this work.


1177. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Int J Oncol. 2017 May;50(5):1590-1600. doi: 10.3892/ijo.2017.3928. Epub 2017 Mar 
22.

miR-486 suppresses the development of osteosarcoma by regulating PKC-δ pathway.

He M(1), Wang G(1), Jiang L(2), Qiu C(1), Li B(1), Wang J(1), Fu Y(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Orthopedic Surgery, Shengjing Hospital of China Medical 
University, Shenyang, Liaoning, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Electrotheropy, Shenyang Medical College Affiliated Central 
Hospital, Shenyang, Liaoning, P.R. China.

Retraction in
    Int J Oncol. 2023 Oct;63(4):109. doi: 10.3892/ijo.2023.5557.

Osteosarcoma is one of the most highly malignant types of cancer in adolescents 
and young adults with a high mortality rate. Despite advances in surgery, 
radiation therapy and chemotherapy, the prognosis for patients with osteosarcoma 
has not significantly improved over the past several decades. It is necessary to 
find new indicators of prognosis and therapeutic targets of osteosarcoma. 
Through the analysis of 40 osteosarcoma tissues, we found that the expression of 
miR‑486 was low and the expression of PKC‑δ was high in osteosarcoma. Median 
survival of patients with low expression of miR-486 (30 months) was shorter than 
the patients with higher expression of miR‑486 (40 months). We further found 
that miR-486 can inhibit the targeting of PKC‑δ signaling pathways, and this 
inhibition can inhibit the growth and invasion of osteosarcoma cells. After 
transfection of miR‑486 for 24 h, the proliferation of osteosarcoma cells was 
inhibited by ~20%, and the migration was inhibited by ~15%. In the present 
investigation, we demonstrated that miR‑486 is negatively associated with the 
expression of PKC-δ and could regulate the development of osteosarcoma. miR-486 
may be a potential target for the treatment of osteosarcoma.

DOI: 10.3892/ijo.2017.3928
PMCID: PMC5403184
PMID: 28339053 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1178. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Am J Cancer Res. 2017 Feb 1;7(2):323-333. eCollection 2017.

MicroRNA-122 inhibits proliferation and invasion in gastric cancer by targeting 
CREB1.

Rao M(1), Zhu Y(2), Zhou Y(3), Cong X(1), Feng L(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Gastroenterology, The People's Hospital of Jilin Province 
Changchun 130021, China.
(2)Department of Radiotherapy, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University 
Changchun 130033, China.
(3)Department of Gastrointestinal Surgery, The People's Hospital of Jilin 
Province Changchun 130021, China.

Retraction in
    Am J Cancer Res. 2021 Jun 15;11(6):3376.

MicroRNA-122 (miR-122) has been implicated in tumor development and progression 
in various types of cancers. However, the biological function and regulatory 
mechanisms of miR-122 in gastric cancer (GC) remain largely unknown. We aimed to 
determine the biological role and underlying mechanism of miR-122 in GC. Real 
time quantitative RT-PCR (qRT-PCR) was performed to detect the expression of 
miR-122 in GC tissues and cell lines. CCK8, wound healing, and transwell assays 
were conducted to determine the effect of miR-122 on cell proliferation, 
migration, and invasion, respectively. Target molecules were identified by 
luciferase activity, quantitative RT-PCR, and western blotting. We found that 
miR-122 expression was significantly decreased in both GC tissues and cell lines 
and that reduced expression was significantly associated with aggressive 
clinicopathological features in patients. We also found that overexpression of 
miR-122 markedly inhibited proliferation, migration, and invasion in GC cell 
lines. In addition, cAMP responsive element binding protein 1 (CREB1) was 
identified as a direct target of miR-122, and its expression was negatively 
correlated with miR-122 expression in GC tissues (r = -0.711, P < 0.001). 
CREB1overexpression rescued the suppressive effect of miR-122 on GC cell 
proliferation, migration, and invasion. Moreover, we demonstrated that miR-122 
inhibited GC tumorigenesis in vivo by repressing CREB1 expression. These 
findings suggest that miR-122 might function as a tumor suppressor in GC and 
could serve as a promising candidate for therapeutic applications regarding GC 
treatment.

PMCID: PMC5336505
PMID: 28337380


1179. Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2017 Mar 23;3(3):CD003347. doi: 
10.1002/14651858.CD003347.pub3.

WITHDRAWN: Radioisotopes for metastatic bone pain.

Roqué I Figuls M(1), Martinez-Zapata MJ(1), Scott-Brown M(2), Alonso-Coello 
P(3).

Author information:
(1)Iberoamerican Cochrane Centre, Biomedical Research Institute Sant Pau (IIB 
Sant Pau), CIBER Epidemiología y Salud Pública (CIBERESP), Sant Antoni Maria 
Claret 171, Edifici Casa de Convalescència, Barcelona, Catalunya, Spain, 08041.
(2)Gray Institute for Radiation Oncology & Biology, Radiobiology Research 
Institute, Churchill Hospital, Oxford, UK, OX3 7LJ.
(3)Iberoamerican Cochrane Centre, Biomedical Research Institute Sant Pau (IIB 
Sant Pau), CIBER Epidemiología y Salud Pública (CIBERESP), Spain, Sant Antoni 
Maria Claret 171 - Edifici Casa de Convalescencia, Barcelona, Catalunya, Spain, 
08041.

Update of
    Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2011 Jul 06;(7):CD003347. doi: 
10.1002/14651858.CD003347.pub2.

BACKGROUND: This is an update of the review published in Issue 4, 2003. Bone 
metastasis cause severe pain as well as pathological fractures, hypercalcaemia 
and spinal cord compression. Treatment strategies currently available to relieve 
pain from bone metastases include analgesia, radiotherapy, surgery, 
chemotherapy, hormone therapy, radioisotopes and bisphosphonates.
OBJECTIVES: To determine efficacy and safety of radioisotopes in patients with 
bone metastases to improve metastatic pain, decrease number of complications due 
to bone metastases and improve patient survival.
SEARCH METHODS: We sought randomised controlled trials (RCTs) in MEDLINE, 
EMBASE, CENTRAL, and the PaPaS Trials Register up to October 2010.
SELECTION CRITERIA: Studies selected had metastatic bone pain as a major outcome 
after treatment with a radioisotope, compared with placebo or another 
radioisotope.
DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We assessed the risk of bias of included studies 
by their sequence generation, allocation concealment, blinding of study 
participants, researchers and outcome assessors, and incomplete outcome data. 
Two review authors extracted data. We performed statistical analysis as an 
"available case" analysis, and calculated global estimates of effect using a 
random-effects model. We also performed an intention-to-treat (ITT) sensitivity 
analysis.
MAIN RESULTS: This update includes 15 studies (1146 analyzed participants): four 
(325 participants) already included and 11 new (821 participants). Only three 
studies had a low risk of bias. We observed a small benefit of radioisotopes for 
complete relief (risk ratio (RR) 2.10, 95% CI 1.32 to 3.35; Number needed to 
treat to benefit (NNT) = 5) and complete/partial relief (RR 1.72, 95% CI 1.13 to 
2.63; NNT = 4) in the short and medium term (eight studies, 499 participants). 
There is no conclusive evidence to demonstrate that radioisotopes modify the use 
of analgesia with respect to placebo. Leucocytopenia and thrombocytopenia are 
secondary effects significantly associated with the administration of 
radioisotopes (RR 5.03; 95% CI 1.35 to 18.70; Number needed to treat to harm 
(NNH) = 13). Pain flares were not higher in the radioisotopes group (RR 0.74; 
95% CI 0.27 to 2.06). There are scarce data of moderate quality when comparing 
Strontium-89 (89Sr) with Samarium-153 (153Sm), Rhenium-186 (186Re) and 
Phosphorus-32 (32P). We observed no significant differences between treatments. 
Similarly, we observed no differences when we compared different doses of 153Sm 
(0.5 versus 1.0 mCi).
AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: This update adds new evidence on efficacy of radioisotopes 
versus placebo, 89Sr compared with other radioisotopes, and dose-comparisons of 
153Sm and 188Re. There is some evidence indicating that radioisotopes may 
provide complete reduction in pain over one to six months with no increase in 
analgesic use, but severe adverse effects (leucocytopenia and thrombocytopenia) 
are frequent.

DOI: 10.1002/14651858.CD003347.pub3
PMCID: PMC6464104
PMID: 28334435 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: None known


1180. J Appl Clin Med Phys. 2017 Jan;18(1):186-195. doi: 10.1002/acm2.12029. Epub 2017 
Jan 3.

Influence of the jaw tracking technique on the dose calculation accuracy of 
small field VMAT plans.

Swinnen AC(1), Öllers MC(1), Roijen E(1), Nijsten SM(1), Verhaegen F(1).

Author information:
(1)Radiotherapy Department, Maastro Clinic, 6229 ET, Maastricht, The 
Netherlands.

PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to evaluate experimentally the accuracy of 
the dose calculation algorithm AcurosXB in small field highly modulated 
Volumetric Modulated Arc Therapy (VMAT).
METHOD: The 1000SRS detector array inserted in the rotational Octavius 4D 
phantom (PTW) was used for 3D dose verification of VMAT treatments characterized 
by small to very small targets. Clinical treatment plans (n = 28) were 
recalculated on the phantom CT data set in the Eclipse TPS. All measurements 
were done on a Varian TrueBeamSTx, which can provide the jaw tracking technique 
(JTT). The effect of disabling the JTT, thereby fixing the jaws at static field 
size of 3 × 3 cm2 and applying the MLC to shape the smallest apertures, was 
investigated for static fields between 0.5 × 0.5-3 × 3 cm2 and for seven VMAT 
patients with small brain metastases. The dose calculation accuracy has been 
evaluated by comparing the measured and calculated dose outputs and dose 
distributions. The dosimetric agreement has been presented by a local gamma 
evaluation criterion of 2%/2 mm.
RESULTS: Regarding the clinical plans, the mean ± SD of the volumetric gamma 
evaluation scores considering the dose levels for evaluation of 10%, 50%, 80% 
and 95% are (96.0 ± 6.9)%, (95.2 ± 6.8)%, (86.7 ± 14.8)% and (56.3 ± 42.3)% 
respectively. For the smallest field VMAT treatments, discrepancies between 
calculated and measured doses up to 16% are obtained. The difference between the 
1000SRS central chamber measurements compared to the calculated dose outputs for 
static fields 3 × 3, 2 × 2, 1 × 1 and 0.5 × 0.5 cm2 collimated with MLC whereby 
jaws are fixed at 3 × 3 cm2 and for static fields shaped with the collimator 
jaws only (MLC retracted), is on average respectively, 0.2%, 0.8%, 6.8%, 5.7% (6 
MV) and 0.1%, 1.3%, 11.7%, 21.6% (10 MV). For the seven brain mets patients was 
found that the smaller the target volumes, the higher the improvement in 
agreement between measured and calculated doses after disabling the JTT.
CONCLUSION: Fixing the jaws at 3 × 3 cm2 and using the MLC with high positional 
accuracy to shape the smallest apertures in contrast to the JTT is currently 
found to be the most accurate treatment technique.

© 2017 The Authors. Journal of Applied Clinical Medical Physics published by 
Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of American Association of Physicists in 
Medicine.

DOI: 10.1002/acm2.12029
PMCID: PMC5689875
PMID: 28291941 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1181. Pharm Biol. 2017 Dec;55(1):1295-1303. doi: 10.1080/13880209.2017.1299768.

Folic acid ameliorates celecoxib cardiotoxicity in a doxorubicin heart failure 
rat model.

Ahmad S(1), Panda BP(2), Kohli K(3), Fahim M(4), Dubey K(1).

Author information:
(1)a Department of Pharmacology, Faculty of Pharmacy , Jamia Hamdard , New Delhi 
, India.
(2)b Department of Pharmacognosy and Phytochemistry, Faculty of Pharmacy , Jamia 
Hamdard , New Delhi , India.
(3)c Department of Pharmaceutics, Faculty of Pharmacy , Jamia Hamdard , New 
Delhi , India.
(4)d Department of Physiology , Hamdard Institute of Medical Sciences and 
Research, Jamia Hamdard , New Delhi , India.

CONTEXT: The cardiotoxic effect of selective cyclo-oxygenase-2 inhibitors is 
well known. While rofecoxib and valdecoxib have been withdrawn, celecoxib 
remains on the market. Folic acid, a naturally occurring vitamin, has been shown 
to reduce myocardial ischemia and post-reperfusion injury in rats.
OBJECTIVE: This study examined the cardiac effects of celecoxib and folic acid 
on doxorubicin-induced cardiomyopathy in rats.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Cardiomyopathy was induced in male Wistar rats with six 
intraperitoneal injections of 2.5 mg/kg doxorubicin over a period of two weeks. 
The effect of 28 days of celecoxib (100 mg/kg/day) and its combination with 
folic acid (10 mg/kg/day) was studied on doxorubicin-induced cardiomyopathy 
according to serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), creatine kinase (CK-MB), 
troponin-T (Tn-T), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α), cardiac thiobarbituric 
acid reactive substance (TBARS), and glutathione (GSH) levels as well as 
systolic blood pressure (SBP), heart rate (HR) and ultrastructural studies.
RESULTS: Celecoxib cardiotoxicity was manifested by significant increases in the 
LDH, Tn-T, TNF-α, CK-MB, SBP, HR (p < 0.001) and TBARS (p < 0.01) levels and a 
significant decrease in the GSH (p < 0.05) level when used alone or administered 
with doxorubicin. However, the combination of folic acid with celecoxib caused a 
significant reversal of these parameters and reduced the cardiotoxicity of 
celecoxib that was aggravated by doxorubicin. The ultrastructural study also 
revealed myocardial protection with this combination.
DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSION: Folic acid protects against the cardiotoxic effects 
of celecoxib, which are aggravated in the presence of doxorubicin. Folic acid 
may act as a useful adjunct in patients who are taking celecoxib.

DOI: 10.1080/13880209.2017.1299768
PMCID: PMC6130581
PMID: 28274156 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1182. Sci Rep. 2017 Mar 8;7:43760. doi: 10.1038/srep43760.

Optogenetic control of the Dab1 signaling pathway.

Wang L(1), Cooper JA(1).

Author information:
(1)Division of Basic Sciences, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, 1100 
Fairview Ave N, Seattle, Washington 98109, USA.

The Reelin-Dab1 signaling pathway regulates development of the mammalian brain, 
including neuron migrations in various brain regions, as well as learning and 
memory in adults. Extracellular Reelin binds to cell surface receptors and 
activates phosphorylation of the intracellular Dab1 protein. Dab1 is required 
for most effects of Reelin, but Dab1-independent pathways may contribute. Here 
we developed a single-component, photoactivatable Dab1 (opto-Dab1) by using the 
blue light-sensitive dimerization/oligomerization property of A. thaliana 
Cryptochrome 2 (Cry2). Opto-Dab1 can activate downstream signals rapidly, 
locally, and reversibly upon blue light illumination. The high spatiotemporal 
resolution of the opto-Dab1 probe also allows us to control membrane protrusion, 
retraction and ruffling by local illumination in both COS7 cells and in primary 
neurons. This shows that Dab1 activation is sufficient to orient cell movement 
in the absence of other signals. Opto-Dab1 may be useful to study the biological 
functions of the Reelin-Dab1 signaling pathway both in vitro and in vivo.

DOI: 10.1038/srep43760
PMCID: PMC5363252
PMID: 28272509 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing financial 
interests.


1183. Rev Esp Enferm Dig. 2017 Apr;109(4):273-278. doi: 10.17235/reed.2017.4201/2016.

Endoscopic colostomy with percutaneous colopexy: an animal feasibility study.

Bustamante-Lopez LA(1), Sulbaran M(2), Nahas SC(3), de Moura EG(2), Nahas CS(3), 
Marques CF(3), Sakai C(2), Cecconello I(3), Sakai P(2).

Author information:
(1)Coloproctologia, Hospital das Clinicas Facultad de Medicina USP, Brasil.
(2)Gastroenterology, endoscopic division, University of Sao Paulo, Medical 
school, Brasil.
(3)Gastroenterology, surgical division, University of Sao Paulo, Medical school, 
Brasil.

BACKGROUND: Indications for colostomy in colorectal diseases are obstruction of 
the large bowel, such as in cancer, diverticular disease in the acute phase, 
post-radiotherapy enteritis, complex perirectal fistulas, anorectal trauma and 
severe anal incontinence. Some critically ill patients cannot tolerate an 
exploratory laparotomy, and laparoscopic assisted colostomy also requires 
general anesthesia.
OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the feasibility, safety and efficacy of performing 
colostomy assisted by colonoscopy and percutaneous colopexy.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Five pigs underwent endoscopic assisted colostomy with 
percutaneous colopexy. Animals were evaluated in post-operative days 1, 2, 5 and 
7 for feeding acceptance and colostomy characteristics. On day 7 full 
colonoscopy was performed on animals followed by exploratory laparotomy.
RESULTS: Average procedure time was 27 minutes (21-54 min). Postoperative 
mobility and feeding of animals were immediate after anesthesia recovery. 
Position of the colostomy, edges color, appearance of periostomal area, as well 
as its function was satisfactory in four animals. Retraction of colostomy was 
present in one pig. The colonoscopy and laparotomy control on the seventh day 
were considered as normal. A bladder perforation that was successfully repaired 
through the colostomy incision occurred in one pig. The main limitation of this 
study is its experimental nature.
CONCLUSION: Endoscopic assisted colostomy with percutaneous colopexy proves to 
be a safe and effective method with low morbidity for performing colostomy in 
experimental animals, with possible clinical application in humans.

DOI: 10.17235/reed.2017.4201/2016
PMID: 28253730 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1184. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Oncol Res. 2017 Aug 7;25(7):1199-1205. doi: 10.3727/096504017X14873444858101. 
Epub 2017 Mar 2.

Gamma Irradiation Upregulates B-cell Translocation Gene 2 to Attenuate Cell 
Proliferation of Lung Cancer Cells Through the JNK and NF-κB Pathways.

Wang P, Cai Y, Lin D, Jiang Y.

Retraction in
    Oncol Res. 2024 Aug 23;32(9):1527. doi: 10.32604/or.2024.056120.

Gamma ray can promote cancer cell apoptosis and cell cycle arrest. It is often 
used in the clinical treatment of tumors, including lung cancer. In this study, 
we aimed to explore the role of gamma ray treatment and its correlation with 
BTG2 in cell proliferation, apoptosis, and cell cycle arrest regulation in a 
lung cancer cell line. A549 cell viability, apoptosis rate, and cell cycle were 
investigated after gamma ray treatment. We then used siRNA for BTG2 to detect 
the effect of BTG2 knockdown on the progress of gamma ray-treated lung cancer 
cells. Finally, we investigated the signaling pathway by which gamma ray might 
regulate BTG2. We found that gamma ray inhibited A549 cell viability and 
promoted apoptosis and cell cycle arrest, while BTG2 knockdown could relieve the 
effect caused by gamma ray on A549 cells. Moreover, we confirmed that the effect 
of BTG2 partly depends on p53 expression and gamma ray-promoting BTG2 expression 
through the JNK/NF-κB signaling pathway. Our study assessed the possible 
mechanism of gamma ray in tumor treatment and also investigated the role of BTG2 
in gamma ray therapy. All these findings might give a deep understanding of the 
effect of gamma ray on the progression of lung cancer involving BTG2.

DOI: 10.3727/096504017X14873444858101
PMCID: PMC7841077
PMID: 28251885 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflicts of interest.


1185. J Stroke Cerebrovasc Dis. 2017 Jun;26(6):1287-1296. doi: 
10.1016/j.jstrokecerebrovasdis.2017.01.023. Epub 2017 Feb 22.

Microbubble-Based Sonothrombolysis Using a Planar Rectangular Ultrasonic 
Transducer.

Papadopoulos N(1), Damianou C(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Bioengineering, City University, London, UK.
(2)Electrical Engineering Department, Cyprus University of Technology, Limassol, 
Cyprus. Electronic address: christakis.damianou@cut.ac.cy.

BACKGROUND: The aim of the proposed study was to evaluate in an in vitro flow 
model the ability of small planar rectangular (2 × 10 mm2) ultrasonic transducer 
to enhance thrombolysis induced by the thrombolytic agent tenecteplase 
(TNK-tPA).
METHODS: To provide a more realistic clinical environment of stroke, the study 
was conducted under realistic flow conditions and TNK-tPA concentrations. Fully 
retracted porcine blood clots were used to determine the thrombolytic efficacy 
of ultrasound (US) waves as an adjunct to TNK-tPA or in combination with 
microbubbles (MBs). Two ultrasonic flat rectangular transducers were used in the 
experiments, operating at 3.7 and 5.2 MHz respectively. A pulsed US protocol 
that maintained temperature elevation at the target of 1°C was applied. 
Thrombolysis efficacy was measured in milligrams of mass clot removed.
RESULTS: The effect of experimental parameters, such as power, frequency, and 
MBs administration, on thrombolysis efficacy was explored.
CONCLUSIONS: The results revealed that thrombolysis efficacy decreases at higher 
frequency, and therefore, the possibility of using lower frequency to improve 
efficacy should be further investigated. Additionally, study findings 
demonstrated that the combination of 3.7 MHz with MBs as an adjunct to TNK-tPA 
strongly enhanced thrombolysis efficacy, because with 30 minutes of treatment, 
700 mg of clot was removed through nonthermal mechanisms. As a final point, this 
study has shown that MBs dose influences thrombolysis enhancement, because 
higher thrombolytic efficacy was observed with higher doses of MBs.

Copyright © 2017 National Stroke Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All 
rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jstrokecerebrovasdis.2017.01.023
PMID: 28236599 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1186. Toxicol Appl Pharmacol. 2017 Apr 1;320:60-72. doi: 10.1016/j.taap.2017.02.012. 
Epub 2017 Feb 16.

Enhanced effect of geldanamycin nanocomposite against breast cancer cells 
growing in vitro and as xenograft with vanquished normal cell toxicity.

Prabhu S(1), Ananthanarayanan P(2), Aziz SK(2), Rai S(3), Mutalik S(4), 
Sadashiva SR(5).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Biology and Toxicology, School of Life Sciences, 
Manipal University, Manipal 576 104, Karnataka, India.
(2)Department of Biotechnology, School of Life Sciences, Manipal University, 
Manipal 576 104, Karnataka, India.
(3)Department of Pathology, Kasturba Medical College, Mangalore Campus, Manipal 
University, Mangalore 575 001, Karnataka, India.
(4)Department of Pharmaceutics, Manipal College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, 
Manipal University, Manipal 576 104, Karnataka, India.
(5)Department of Radiation Biology and Toxicology, School of Life Sciences, 
Manipal University, Manipal 576 104, Karnataka, India. Electronic address: 
rao.satish@manipal.edu.

Despite enormous advances in remedies developed for breast cancer, an effective 
therapeutic strategy by targeting malignant cells with the least normal tissue 
toxicity is yet to be developed. Hsp90 is considered to be an important 
therapeutic target to inhibit cell proliferation. Geldanamycin (GDM), a potent 
inhibitor of Hsp90 was withdrawn from clinical trials due to its undesirable 
hepatotoxicity. We report a superparamagnetic iron oxide (SPION) based polymeric 
nanocomposite of GDM augmenting anticancer competence with decreased hepatic 
toxicity. The particle size of nanocomposite was ascertained to be 76±10nm with 
acceptable stability. A comparative dose dependent in vitro validation of 
cytotoxicity showed an enhanced cellular damage and necrosis in breast cancer 
(MCF-7) cell line at a low dose of 5.49nM (in GDM nanocomposite) in contrast to 
20nM of pure GDM, while normal breast epithelial cells (MCF-10A) were least 
affected. Besides, in vivo study (in breast cancer xenografts) substantiated 2.7 
fold delay in tumor progression mediated by redundancy in the downstream 
functions of p-Akt and MAPK-Erk leading to apoptosis with negligible 
hepatotoxicity. Pure GDM disrupted the function and morphology of liver with 
lesser therapeutic efficacy than the GDM nanocomposite. These findings deduce 
that GDM based polymeric magnetite nanocomposite play a vital role in 
efficacious therapy while vanquishing normal cells and hepatic toxicity and 
thereby promising it to be reinstated in clinics.

Copyright © 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.taap.2017.02.012
PMID: 28213093 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1187. Minerva Anestesiol. 2017 Jul;83(7):728-736. doi: 10.23736/S0375-9393.17.11711-6. 
Epub 2017 Feb 15.

End-of-life decisions in 34 Slovene Intensive Care Units: a nationwide 
prospective clinical study.

Orazem M(1), Groselj U(2), Stojan M(3), Majdic N(4), Vidmar G(3)(4)(5), Grosek 
S(6)(7).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Institute of Oncology, Ljubljana, Slovenia.
(2)Department of Pediatric Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolic Diseases, 
University Children's Hospital, University Medical Centre Ljubljana, Ljubljana, 
Slovenia.
(3)Faculty of Medicine, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia.
(4)University Rehabilitation Institute, Ljubljana, Slovenia.
(5)Faculty of Mathematics, Natural Sciences and Information Technologies, 
University of Primorska, Koper, Slovenia.
(6)Faculty of Medicine, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia - 
stefan.grosek@kclj.si.
(7)Department of Pediatric Surgery and Intensive Therapy, University Medical 
Centre Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia.

Comment in
    Minerva Anestesiol. 2017 Jul;83(7):675-678. doi: 
10.23736/S0375-9393.17.12071-7.

BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to determine how end-of-life decisions 
(EOLD) on limitations of life-sustaining treatment (LST) are made in three 
different types of intensive care units (ICUs) in Slovenia.
METHODS: A national multicenter prospective study among 31 adult and three 
pediatric/neonatal ICUs (PICUs). The questionnaire form on EOLD was designed to 
assess the clinical practice. Data were collected between January 1, 2013, and 
March 31, 2013. For statistical analysis we used IBM® SPSS® Statistics 20 
software package.
RESULTS: Overall, of 4226 patients were admitted to ICUs, the EOLD on limitation 
of LST were performed in 112 patients (23.9%) out of 468 patients, which had 
died and/or had been subject to EOLD on limitation of LST. In 86.2% of the 
cases, patients had impaired competence. Advance directives were available only 
in 1.9% (2 out of 106 patients) of the cases. In the majority of cases, the EOLD 
was taken by the physicians (96.2%). In 61.8% of the cases, patient 
representatives were involved in the discussion about limitation of LST. The 
do-not-resuscitate order and withholding of inotropes/vasopressors were the most 
common measures to limit LST. Most commonly withdrawn were 
inotropes/vasopressors and antibiotics. Palliative care was included in 72.3% of 
the cases (80 out of 112 patients), however, palliative care team was only 
included in 4% of the cases.
CONCLUSIONS: No differences were found between the three different types of ICUs 
in EOLD on limitation of LST even though limitation of LST was provided 
regularly. The most commonly limited LST measures include mechanical 
ventilation, inotropes/vasopressors, hemodialysis, and antibiotics. Almost none 
of the patients had advance directives in place. Palliative care team was 
available in only few cases.

DOI: 10.23736/S0375-9393.17.11711-6
PMID: 28206733 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1188. Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2017 Feb 14;2(2):CD004142. doi: 
10.1002/14651858.CD004142.pub3.

WITHDRAWN: Exercise for dysmenorrhoea.

Brown J(1), Brown S(2).

Author information:
(1)Liggins Institute, The University of Auckland, Park Rd, Grafton, Auckland, 
New Zealand, 1142.
(2)School of Interprofessional Health Studies, Auckland University of 
Technology, 90 Akoranga Drive, Auckland, New Zealand, 0627.

Update in
    Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2019 Sep 20;9:CD004142. doi: 
10.1002/14651858.CD004142.pub4.

Update of
    Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2010 Feb 17;(2):CD004142. doi: 
10.1002/14651858.CD004142.pub2.

BACKGROUND: Dysmenorrhoea is characterised by cramping lower abdominal pain that 
may radiate to the lower back and upper thighs and is commonly associated with 
nausea, headache, fatigue and diarrhoea. Physical exercise has been suggested as 
a non-medical approach to the management of these symptoms.
OBJECTIVES: To assess the evidence for the effectiveness of exercise in the 
treatment of dysmenorrhoea.
SEARCH METHODS: A search was conducted using the methodology of the Menstrual 
Disorders and Subfertility Group (August 2009). CENTRAL (The Cochrane Library), 
MEDLINE, EMBASE, AMED and PsycINFO electronic databases were searched. 
Handsearching of relevant bibliographies and reference lists was also conducted.
SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials comparing exercise with a 
control or no intervention in women with dysmenorrhoea.
DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Trials were independently selected and data 
extracted by two review authors.
MAIN RESULTS: Four potential trials were identified of which one was included in 
the review. The available data could only be included as a narrative 
description. There appeared to be some evidence from the trial that exercise 
reduced the Moos' Menstrual Distress Questionnaire (MDQ) score during the 
menstrual phase (P < 0.05) and resulted in a sustained decrease in symptoms over 
the three observed cycles (P < 0.05).
AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: The results of this review are limited to a single 
randomised trial of limited quality and with a small sample size. The data 
should be interpreted with caution and further research is required to 
investigate the hypothesis that exercise reduces the symptoms associated with 
dysmenorrhoea.

DOI: 10.1002/14651858.CD004142.pub3
PMCID: PMC6464570
PMID: 28194755 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: None known


1189. Indian J Hematol Blood Transfus. 2017 Mar;33(1):109-115. doi: 
10.1007/s12288-016-0657-z. Epub 2016 Feb 10.

Nanostructural Changes in the Cell Membrane of Gamma-Irradiated Red Blood Cells.

AlZahrani K(1)(2), Al-Sewaidan HA(1).

Author information:
(1)Physics Department, King Saud University, P.O. Box 2455, Riyadh, 11451 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
(2)King Abdullah Institute for Nanotechnology, King Saud University, P.O. Box 
2455, Riyadh, 11451 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

The effect of gamma radiation on the ultrastructure of the cell membranes of red 
blood cells has been probed using a powerful tool, namely, atomic force 
microscopy. We used mice erythrocytes as a model. Blood samples withdrawn from 
mice were gamma-irradiated using a 60Co source unit with doses of 10,15,20,25 
and 30 Gy. Structural changes appeared in the form of nanoscale potholes, 
depressions and alterations of the cell membrane roughness. The roughness of the 
cell membrane increased dramatically with increasing doses, although at 10 Gy , 
the cell membrane roughness was less than that of normal red blood cells 
(controls). Therefore, such modifications at the nano-scale level may affect the 
biophysical properties of membranes, resulting in impairment of their function.

DOI: 10.1007/s12288-016-0657-z
PMCID: PMC5280849
PMID: 28194066

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict 
of interest. Ethical approval All applicable international, national, and 
institutional guidelines for the care and use of animals were followed.


1190. Anal Chem. 2017 Feb 21;89(4):2211-2215. doi: 10.1021/acs.analchem.6b04542. Epub 
2017 Feb 9.

On-Demand Droplet Capture and Release Using Microwell-Assisted Surface Acoustic 
Waves.

Jung JH(1), Destgeer G(1), Park J(1), Ahmed H(1), Park K(1), Sung HJ(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Mechanical Engineering, KAIST , Daejeon 34141, Korea.

We demonstrate an acoustofluidic platform that uses surface acoustic waves 
(SAWs) for the facile capture of droplets inside microwells and their on-demand 
release. When the ac signal applied to the device is tuned to modulate the 
location of the SAW, the SAW-based acoustic radiation force retracts or pushes 
the droplets into or out of one of three microwells fabricated inside a 
microchannel to selectively capture or release the droplet.

DOI: 10.1021/acs.analchem.6b04542
PMID: 28192923


1191. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Avicenna J Med. 2017 Jan-Mar;7(1):23-27. doi: 10.4103/2231-0770.197510.

Topical vasodilator response in skeletonized internal mammary artery: Is there 
really a difference?

Shah SR(1), Shah SA(2), Jangda MA(1), Yaqub MD(1), Jangda AA(2), Khan M(1), Khan 
MA(2), Tomkins B(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Medicine, Dow University of Health Sciences, Karachi, Pakistan.
(2)Department of Medicine, Ziauddin Medical University Hospital, Karachi, 
Pakistan.
(3)Department of Medicine, University of Illinois, Chicago, Illinois, USA.

Retraction in
    Avicenna J Med. 2017 Jul-Sep;7(3):137. doi: 10.4103/2231-0770.210055.

AIM OF THE STUDY: Coronary artery bypass graft surgery is the gold standard for 
the treatment of multivessel and left main coronary artery disease. However, 
there is considerable debate that whether left internal mammary artery (IMA) 
should be taken as pedicled or skeletonized. This study was conducted to assess 
the difference in blood flow after the application of topical vasodilator in 
skeletonized and pedicled IMA.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this study, each patient underwent either skeletonized 
(n = 25) or pedicled IMA harvesting (n = 25). The type of graft on each 
individual patient was decided randomly. Intraoperative variables such as 
conduit length and blood flow were measured by the surgeon himself. The length 
of the grafted IMA was carefully determined in vivo, with the proximal and 
distal ends attached, from the first rib to IMA divergence. The IMA flow was 
measured on two separate occasions, before and after application of topical 
vasodilator. Known cases of subclavian artery stenosis and previous sternal 
radiation were excluded from the study.
RESULTS: The blood flow before the application of topical vasodilator was 
similar in both the groups (P = 0.227). However, the flow was significantly less 
in pedicled than skeletonized IMA after application of vasodilator (P < 0.0001). 
Similarly, the length of skeletonized graft was significantly higher than the 
length of pedicled graft (P < 0.0001).
CONCLUSION: Our study signifies that skeletonization of IMA results in increased 
graft length and blood flow after the application of topical vasodilator. 
However, we recommend that long-term clinical trials should be conducted to 
fully determine long-term patency rates of skeletonized IMA.

DOI: 10.4103/2231-0770.197510
PMCID: PMC5255978
PMID: 28182034

Conflict of interest statement: There are no conflicts of interest.


1192. Sci Rep. 2017 Feb 7;7:42345. doi: 10.1038/srep42345.

Copulatory courtship by internal genitalia in bushcrickets.

Wulff NC(1), van de Kamp T(2)(3), Dos Santos Rolo T(3), Baumbach T(2)(3), 
Lehmann GU(1).

Author information:
(1)Humboldt University Berlin, Department of Biology, Behavioral Physiology, 
Invalidenstrasse 43, 10115 Berlin, Germany.
(2)Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT), Laboratory for Applications of 
Synchrotron Radiation (LAS), Kaiserstr. 12, 76131 Karlsruhe, Germany.
(3)Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT), Institute for Photon Science and 
Synchrotron Radiation (IPS), Hermann-von-Helmholtz-Platz 1, 76344 
Eggenstein-Leopoldshafen, Germany.

Male genital organs are among the fastest evolving morphological structures. 
However, large parts of the male's genitalia are often hidden inside the female 
during mating. In several bushcricket species, males bear a pair of sclerotized 
genital appendices called titillators. By employing synchrotron-based in vivo 
X-ray cineradiography on mating couples, we were able to visualize titillator 
movement and spermatophore attachment inside the female. Titillators are 
inserted and retracted rhythmically. During insertion the titillator processes 
tap the soft and sensillae-covered dorsal side of the female's flap-like genital 
fold, which covers the opening of the female's genitalia, without tissue 
penetration. Titillators thus appear to be initially used for stimulation; later 
they may apply pressure that forces the female's genital fold to stay open, 
thereby aiding mechanically in spermatophore transfer.

DOI: 10.1038/srep42345
PMCID: PMC5294567
PMID: 28169372 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no competing financial 
interests.


1193. Videourology (New Rochelle). 2017 Feb 8;31(1):vid.2016.0046. doi: 
10.1089/vid.2016.0046. eCollection 2017.

Ultrasound-Guided Renal Access and Tract Dilation.

Usawachintachit M(1), Tzou DT(1), Washington SL 3rd(1), Hu W(2), Li J(2), Chi 
T(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Urology, University of California, San Francisco, San 
Francisco, California.
(2)Department of Urology, Tsinghua Changgung Hospital, Beijing, China.

Introduction: Ultrasound guidance is a unique alternative to fluoroscopy for 
percutaneous renal access. Besides being free of ionizing radiation exposure to 
the patient and intraoperative personnel, it offers several advantages including 
easier identification of the posterior renal calix and surrounding visceral 
structures. In this video, we demonstrate how ultrasound can be used to guide 
percutaneous nephrolithotomy (PCNL) in a step-by-step manner. Materials and 
Methods: From March to June 2016, 16 consecutive patients of age 18 and more 
with kidney or proximal ureteral stones underwent completely X-ray-free 
ultrasound-guided PCNL. No patients were excluded during the study period. Under 
general anesthesia, we place an externalized ureteral catheter through a 
flexible cystoscope with the patient in a frog-leg position. Retrograde saline 
injection is used to distend the collecting system only when needed. Then the 
patient is placed in a prone position. An ultrasound machine with a 3.5-MHz 
convex abdominal probe (Hitachi Aloka Medical America) is used to guide all 
steps of PCNL. For renal access, a longitudinal approach for needle insertion is 
usually chosen.1 An 18-gauge Echotip needle (Cook Medical) is slowly advanced 
through the skin either in front of or behind the probe. On the ultrasound 
screen, the entire needle should be fully seen from skin to kidney and into the 
targeted calix. Entry into the collecting system is confirmed with either 
aspiration of urine or efflux of urine through the puncture needle. Then, the 
needle stylet is removed and a J-tip coaxial guidewire (Bard Medical) is 
inserted into the renal pelvis or down the proximal ureter under ultrasound 
monitoring. Gently moving the wire back and forth will help identify the 
location of the wire tip relative to the collecting system. Subsequently, the 
needle is withdrawn, a 1-cm skin incision is made surrounding the wire, and a 
10F fascial dilator and a safety wire introducer are then passed over the wire. 
Although the wire appears with a bright echogenic signal, the dilator and the 
safety wire introducer are not echogenic. Their advancement over the wire can be 
observed ultrasonographically as they obscure the echogenic appearance of the 
wire. A second wire is subsequently advanced into the collecting system through 
the safety wire introducer. A high-pressure balloon dilator (BARD X-Force, Bard 
Medical) is then advanced into the collecting system over one of the wires. 
Because the deflated balloon tip can be difficult to identify on the ultrasound 
screen, the wire should be moved back and forth while passing the balloon and 
the operative surgeon should look for a change in the wire contour to judge 
where the balloon tip is relative to the wire. The placement of the tip of this 
balloon dilator is crucial, as ideally, it should be just within the collecting 
system of the target calix.2 A working tract is then dilated and the access 
sheath is carefully advanced until the back end of the balloon is seen. Then the 
balloon is withdrawn, an offset rigid nephroscope is inserted, and the stone is 
treated. Results: The mean age of patients was 48.8 ± 19.9 years. Forty-four 
percent of patients were male with a mean body mass index of 29.9 ± 7.9 kg/m2 
and a mean stone size of 33.7 ± 15.0 mm. All procedures were effectively 
performed with ultrasound guidance with a mean operative time of 101.3 ± 32.2 
minutes. Patients and intraoperative personnel were not exposed to any ionizing 
radiation during the surgery. No patients experienced any significant immediate 
postoperative complication. All patients were stone free (no visible stone 
fragments) based on intraoperative visual inspection using a flexible 
nephroscope and a renal ultrasound and KUB at 30 days after surgery, and no 
secondary procedures were required. Conclusions: Ultrasound guidance for renal 
access and tract dilation in prone PCNL is feasible and efficient. Although some 
situations such as obese patients or nondilated collecting system may present a 
challenge, the benefits of adopting this technique-namely eliminating ionizing 
radiation exposure and live imaging of anatomy surrounding the collecting 
system-provide value during PCNL. Acknowledgments: This study was supported by 
the NIH R21-DK-109433 (TC) and the NIH NIDDK K12-DK-07-006: Multidisciplinary 
K12 Urologic Research Career Development Program (TC). No competing financial 
interests exist. Runtime of video: 5 mins 12 secs.

Copyright 2017, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.

DOI: 10.1089/vid.2016.0046
PMCID: PMC6964241
PMID: 32292638


1194. J Biol Chem. 2017 Feb 3;292(5):2047. doi: 10.1074/jbc.A117.387738. Epub 2017 Feb 
3.

NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) competes with 20S proteasome for binding 
with C/EBPα leading to its stabilization and protection against 
radiation-induced myeloproliferative disease.

Xu J, Jaiswal AK.

Retraction of
    J Biol Chem. 2012 Dec 7;287(50):41608-18. doi: 10.1074/jbc.M112.387738.

DOI: 10.1074/jbc.A117.387738
PMCID: PMC5290974
PMID: 28159760


1195. RETRACTED ARTICLE

PLoS One. 2017 Jan 18;12(1):e0167868. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0167868. 
eCollection 2017.

Overexpression of Rad51 Predicts Poor Prognosis in Colorectal Cancer: Our 
Experience with 54 Patients.

Li Y(1), Wang WY(2), Xiao JH(3), Xu F(4), Liao DY(2), Xie L(1), Wang J(1), Luo 
F(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Cancer Center, West China Hospital, Sichuan 
University, Chengdu, China.
(2)Department of Pathology, West China Hospital, Sichuan University, Chengdu, 
China.
(3)Center for Radiation Physics and Technology, Cancer Center, West China 
Hospital, Sichuan University, Chengdu, China.
(4)Lung Cancer Center, West China Hospital, Sichuan University, Chengdu, China.

Retraction in
    PLoS One. 2018 Nov 1;13(11):e0206398. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0206398.

BACKGROUND: Aberrant Rad51 expression is implicated in the progression of human 
malignancies. However, the role of Rad51 in colorectal cancer (CRC) remains 
undefined. This study aimed to establish a relationship between Rad51 and 
clinicopathologic features of CRC.
METHODS: We retrospectively examined the paraffin-embedded tissue samples 
obtained from 54 patients with CRC who had received surgical therapies at our 
institution during 2006-2008. Rad51 expression in adenocarcinoma, paracancerous 
tissue, and normal colonic tissue was determined by immunohistochemistry. The 
correlation between Rad51 immunoreactivity and clinicopathologic features of 
these patients was evaluated.
RESULTS: Rad51 immunoreactivity was detected in 67% of adenocarcinoma, 48% of 
paracancerous tissue, and 27% of normal colonic mucosa. Rad51 expression in 
adenocarcinoma was significantly higher than normal colonic tissue (p < 0.05). 
Rad51 was also overexpressed in poorly differentiated tumors and tumor samples 
from patients with lymph node metastasis (p < 0.05). Patients with Rad51 
overexpression had a 69% two-year survival, 49% three-year survival, and 16% 
five-year survival, considerably worse than patients with negative Rad51 
expression (p < 0.05).
CONCLUSION: Our data suggest that Rad51 overexpression is correlated with 
malignant phenotypes of CRC and may predict poor prognosis for these patients.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0167868
PMCID: PMC5242438
PMID: 28099437 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing 
interests exist.


1196. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Biol Chem. 2017 Feb 24;292(8):3531-3540. doi: 10.1074/jbc.M116.772392. Epub 
2017 Jan 17.

miR-21-mediated Radioresistance Occurs via Promoting Repair of DNA Double Strand 
Breaks.

Hu B(1), Wang X(1), Hu S(2), Ying X(2), Wang P(1), Zhang X(1), Wang J(1), Wang 
H(1), Wang Y(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Oncology, Emory University School of Medicine, 
Winship Cancer Institute of Emory University, Atlanta, Georgia 30322.
(2)Beijing Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Beijing 100850, China.
(3)Department of Radiation Oncology, Emory University School of Medicine, 
Winship Cancer Institute of Emory University, Atlanta, Georgia 30322. Electronic 
address: ywang94@emory.edu.

Retraction in
    J Biol Chem. 2020 May 1;295(18):6250. doi: 10.1074/jbc.W120.013725.

miR-21, as an oncogene that overexpresses in most human tumors, is involved in 
radioresistance; however, the mechanism remains unclear. Here, we demonstrate 
that miR-21-mediated radioresistance occurs through promoting repair of DNA 
double strand breaks, which includes facilitating both non-homologous 
end-joining (NHEJ) and homologous recombination repair (HRR). The 
miR-21-promoted NHEJ occurs through targeting GSK3B (a novel target of miR-21), 
which affects the CRY2/PP5 pathway and in turn increases DNA-PKcs activity. The 
miR-21-promoted HRR occurs through targeting both GSK3B and CDC25A (a known 
target of miR-21), which neutralizes the effects of targeting GSK3B-induced 
CDC25A increase because GSK3B promotes degradation of both CDC25A and cyclin D1, 
but CDC25A and cyclin D1 have an opposite effect on HRR. A negative correlation 
of expression levels between miR-21 and GSK3β exists in a subset of human 
tumors. Our results not only elucidate miR-21-mediated radioresistance, but also 
provide potential new targets for improving radiotherapy.

© 2017 by The American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.

DOI: 10.1074/jbc.M116.772392
PMCID: PMC5336183
PMID: 28096467 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflicts 
of interest with the contents of this article


1197. J Neurosurg. 2018 Jan;128(1):182-192. doi: 10.3171/2016.9.JNS16279. Epub 2017 
Jan 13.

Anterior interhemispheric transsplenial approach to pineal region tumors: 
anatomical study and illustrative case.

Yağmurlu K(1), Zaidi HA(1), Kalani MYS(1), Rhoton AL(2), Preul MC(1), Spetzler 
RF(1).

Author information:
(1)1Department of Neurosurgery, Barrow Neurological Institute, St. Joseph's 
Hospital and Medical Center, Phoenix, Arizona; and.
(2)2Department of Neurological Surgery, University of Florida, Gainesville, 
Florida.

Pineal region tumors are challenging to access because they are centrally 
located within the calvaria and surrounded by critical neurovascular structures. 
The goal of this work is to describe a new surgical trajectory, the anterior 
interhemispheric transsplenial approach, to the pineal region and falcotentorial 
junction area. To demonstrate this approach, the authors examined 7 adult 
formalin-fixed silicone-injected cadaveric heads and 2 fresh human brain 
specimens. One representative case of falcotentorial meningioma treated through 
an anterior interhemispheric transsplenial approach is also described. Among the 
interhemispheric approaches to the pineal region, the anterior interhemispheric 
transsplenial approach has several advantages. 1) There are few or no bridging 
veins at the level of the pericoronal suture. 2) The parietal and occipital 
lobes are not retracted, which reduces the chances of approach-related 
morbidity, especially in the dominant hemisphere. 3) The risk of damage to the 
deep venous structures is low because the tumor surface reached first is 
relatively vein free. 4) The internal cerebral veins can be manipulated and 
dissected away laterally through the anterior interhemispheric route but not via 
the posterior interhemispheric route. 5) Early control of medial posterior 
choroidal arteries is obtained. The anterior interhemispheric transsplenial 
approach provides a safe and effective surgical corridor for patients with 
supratentorial pineal region tumors that 1) extend superiorly, involve the 
splenium of the corpus callosum, and push the deep venous system in a 
posterosuperior or an anteroinferior direction; 2) are tentorial and displace 
the deep venous system inferiorly; or 3) originate from the splenium of the 
corpus callosum.

DOI: 10.3171/2016.9.JNS16279
PMID: 28084911 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1198. Phys Med Biol. 2017 Feb 21;62(4):1600-1612. doi: 10.1088/1361-6560/aa590a. Epub 
2017 Jan 12.

A model-based 3D patient-specific pre-treatment QA method for VMAT using the 
EPID.

McCowan PM(1), Asuni G, van Beek T, van Uytven E, Kujanpaa K, McCurdy BM.

Author information:
(1)Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of Manitoba, Winnipeg, 
Manitoba, R3T 2N2, Canada. Medical Physics Department, CancerCare Manitoba, 675 
McDermot Ave., Winnipeg, Manitoba, R3E 0V9, Canada.

This study reports the development and validation of a model-based, 3D patient 
dose reconstruction method for pre-treatment quality assurance using EPID 
images. The method is also investigated for sensitivity to potential MLC 
delivery errors. Each cine-mode EPID image acquired during plan delivery was 
processed using a previously developed back-projection dose reconstruction model 
providing a 3D dose estimate on the CT simulation data. Validation was carried 
out using 24 SBRT-VMAT patient plans by comparing: (1) ion chamber point dose 
measurements in a solid water phantom, (2) the treatment planning system (TPS) 
predicted 3D dose to the EPID reconstructed 3D dose in a solid water phantom, 
and (3) the TPS predicted 3D dose to the EPID and our forward predicted 
reconstructed 3D dose in the patient (CT data). AAA and AcurosXB were used for 
TPS predictions. Dose distributions were compared using 3%/3 mm (95% tolerance) 
and 2%/2 mm (90% tolerance) γ-tests in the planning target volume (PTV) and 20% 
dose volumes. The average percentage point dose differences between the ion 
chamber and the EPID, AcurosXB, and AAA were 0.73  ±  1.25%, 0.38  ±  0.96% and 
1.06  ±  1.34% respectively. For the patient (CT) dose comparisons, seven 
(3%/3 mm) and nine (2%/2 mm) plans failed the EPID versus AAA. All plans passed 
the EPID versus Acuros XB and the EPID versus forward model γ-comparisons. Four 
types of MLC sensitive errors (opening, shifting, stuck, and retracting), of 
varying magnitude (0.2, 0.5, 1.0, 2.0 mm), were introduced into six different 
SBRT-VMAT plans. γ-comparisons of the erroneous EPID dose and original predicted 
dose were carried out using the same criteria as above. For all plans, the 
sensitivity testing using a 3%/3 mm γ-test in the PTV successfully determined 
MLC errors on the order of 1.0 mm, except for the single leaf retraction-type 
error. A 2%/2 mm criteria produced similar results with two more additional 
detected errors.

DOI: 10.1088/1361-6560/aa590a
PMID: 28079525 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1199. J AAPOS. 2017 Feb;21(1):34-38. doi: 10.1016/j.jaapos.2016.09.024. Epub 2017 Jan 
7.

Children with dorsal midbrain syndrome as a result of pineal tumors.

Hoehn ME(1), Calderwood J(2), O'Donnell T(3), Armstrong GT(4), Gajjar A(5).

Author information:
(1)Hamilton Eye Institute, Department of Ophthalmology, University of Tennessee 
Health Science Center, Memphis, Tennessee; Department of Surgery, St. Jude 
Children's Research Hospital, Memphis, Tennessee. Electronic address: 
mhoehn@uthsc.edu.
(2)The Eye Center Surgeons and Associates, Huntsville, Alabama.
(3)Hamilton Eye Institute, Department of Ophthalmology, University of Tennessee 
Health Science Center, Memphis, Tennessee; Department of Surgery, St. Jude 
Children's Research Hospital, Memphis, Tennessee.
(4)Department of Epidemiology and Cancer Control, St Jude Children's Research 
Hospital, Memphis, Tennessee.
(5)Department of Oncology, St Jude Children's Research Hospital, Memphis, 
Tennessee.

BACKGROUND: Dorsal midbrain syndrome (also known as Parinaud syndrome and 
pretectal syndrome) is a well-known complication of tumors of the pineal region. 
However, there are few reports regarding outcomes, especially in children. The 
purpose of this study was to report the ophthalmic outcomes in a group of 
children with pineal tumors treated at a single institution.
METHODS: The medical records of pediatric patients diagnosed with pineal region 
tumors and evaluated at our ophthalmology clinic were studied retrospectively. 
Descriptive statistics were used to assess rate of dorsal midbrain syndrome, 
defined as one or more of the following: limitation of upgaze, pupillary 
light-near dissociation, and convergence retraction nystagmus. Treatment 
outcomes were recorded.
RESULTS: A total of 35 subjects (age range, 5 months to 20 years) were included, 
18 (51%) of whom were found to have dorsal midbrain syndrome. Of those 18, 16 
patients (89%) had limitation of upgaze, 15 (83%) had pupillary light-near 
dissociation, and 9 (50%) had convergence-retraction nystagmus. Convergence 
insufficiency was noted in 5 patients (28%); exotropia (either intermittent or 
constant), in 9 (50%). Improvement in dorsal midbrain syndrome findings 
following treatment was seen in 7 of 17 patients (41%), but only 2 (12%) 
experienced complete resolution. Treatment consisted of surgery, radiation, 
and/or chemotherapy.
CONCLUSIONS: In our study cohort of children with pineal tumors have a high 
incidence of dorsal midbrain syndrome. Most cases had residual findings after 
treatment.

Copyright © 2017 American Association for Pediatric Ophthalmology and 
Strabismus. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jaapos.2016.09.024
PMCID: PMC5654548
PMID: 28069468 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1200. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biosens Bioelectron. 2017 May 15;91:472-481. doi: 10.1016/j.bios.2016.12.067. 
Epub 2016 Dec 31.

RETRACTED: Designing of carbon based fluorescent nanosea-urchin via 
green-synthesis approach for live cell detection of zinc oxide nanoparticle.

Choudhary R(1), Patra S(1), Madhuri R(2), Sharma PK(3).

Author information:
(1)Department of Applied Chemistry, Indian Institute of Technology (Indian 
School of Mines), Dhanbad, Jharkhand 826004, India.
(2)Department of Applied Chemistry, Indian Institute of Technology (Indian 
School of Mines), Dhanbad, Jharkhand 826004, India. Electronic address: 
rshmmadhuri@gmail.com.
(3)Functional Nanomaterials Research Laboratory, Department of Applied Physics, 
Indian Institute of Technology (Indian School of Mines), Dhanbad, Jharkhand 
826004, India.

Retraction in
    Biosens Bioelectron. 2019 Feb 1;126:847. doi: 10.1016/j.bios.2018.12.035.

This article has been retracted: please see Elsevier Policy on Article 
Withdrawal 
(https://www.elsevier.com/about/our-business/policies/article-withdrawal). This 
article has been retracted at the request of Editor following concerns raised by 
a reader. There are significant concerns regarding the originality of the 
electron micrographs displayed in Fig. 1 (panels B-G, especially C). The concern 
is that these multi-particle images are comprised of copies of the same 
particles. These problems with the data presented cast doubt on all the data, 
and accordingly also the conclusions based on that data, in this publication. As 
such this article represents a severe abuse of the scientific publishing system. 
The scientific community takes a very strong view on this matter and apologies 
are offered to readers of the journal that this was not detected during the 
submission process

Copyright © 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.bios.2016.12.067
PMID: 28068608 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1201. Ir J Med Sci. 2017 Aug;186(3):647-652. doi: 10.1007/s11845-016-1542-3. Epub 2017 
Jan 3.

Radiotherapy for the treatment of thyroid eye disease-a prospective comparison: 
Is orbital radiotherapy a suitable alternative to steroids?

Grassi P(1), Strianese D(2), Piscopo R(3), Pacelli R(4), Bonavolontà G(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Neuroscience, Odontostomatological and Reproductive Sciences, 
University "Federico II" of Naples, via Pansini no 5, 80131, Naples, Italy. 
pjgrassi@libero.it.
(2)Department of Neuroscience, Odontostomatological and Reproductive Sciences, 
University "Federico II" of Naples, via Pansini no 5, 80131, Naples, Italy.
(3)Department of Ophthalmology, Humanitas Research Hospital, Rozzano, Milan, 
Italy.
(4)Department of Diagnostic Imaging and Radiotherapy, University "Federico II" 
of Naples, Naples, Italy.

BACKGROUND AND AIMS: To evaluate the efficacy of orbital radiotherapy (OR) for 
the treatment of thyroid eye disease (TED).
METHODS: Thirty-five consecutive patients with active TED with contraindications 
to steroid therapy received a course of OR. Bilateral retrobulbar irradiation 
was performed with a total dose of 20 Gy. 7-points clinical activity score 
(7-CAS), ocular motility, visual acuity (VA), exophthalmos and eyelid retraction 
were prospectively evaluated at 3, 6 and 12 months and compared with baseline 
data.
RESULTS: There was a statistically significant improvement in 7-CAS at 3, 6 and 
12 months post-treatment (p < 0.05). Ocular motility disturbances improved at 6 
and 12 months (p < 0.05). Visual acuity remained stable; there was no 
significant change in exophthalmos (mean 24 mm, SD 3 mm) or eyelid retraction 
(marginal reflex distance mean 6 mm, SD 1.5 mm) during the follow-up period. No 
side effects were registered.
CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that OR might be effective in reducing 7-CAS 
and ocular motility disturbances. No significant improvement in proptosis or 
eyelid retraction should be expected from this treatment. OR might be considered 
a suitable alternative treatment in TED for patients who cannot tolerate 
steroids.

DOI: 10.1007/s11845-016-1542-3
PMID: 28050807 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1202. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Cancer Lett. 2017 Mar 28;389:41-48. doi: 10.1016/j.canlet.2016.12.030. Epub 2016 
Dec 30.

SRI36160 is a specific inhibitor of Wnt/β-catenin signaling in human pancreatic 
and colorectal cancer cells.

Li Y(1), Oliver PG(2), Lu W(3), Pathak V(3), Sridharan S(2), Augelli-Szafran 
CE(3), Buchsbaum DJ(2), Suto MJ(3).

Author information:
(1)Drug Discovery Division, Southern Research, 2000 Ninth Avenue South, 
Birmingham, AL 35255, USA. Electronic address: yli@southernresearch.org.
(2)Department of Radiation Oncology, The University of Alabama at Birmingham, 
Birmingham, AL, USA.
(3)Drug Discovery Division, Southern Research, 2000 Ninth Avenue South, 
Birmingham, AL 35255, USA.

Retraction in
    Cancer Lett. 2018 May 28;422:131. doi: 10.1016/j.canlet.2018.03.017.

Activation of Wnt/β-catenin signaling is associated with pancreatic and 
colorectal cancer, among others. To-date, there are no FDA-approved small 
molecule Wnt/β-catenin inhibitors and many past efforts resulted in compounds 
with undesirable off-target effects. We recently identified a series of 
benzimidazole analogs as potent inhibitors of Wnt/β-catenin signaling. Here, we 
show that the lead compound SRI36160 displayed selective Wnt inhibition and 
potent antiproliferative activity in pancreatic and colorectal cancer cells. 
Moreover, SRI36160 had no effect on STAT3 and mTORC1 signaling in pancreatic and 
colorectal cancer cells, and was not effective in inhibiting proliferation of 
non-cancerous cells. Our findings suggest that this series of benzimidazole 
analogs presents a novel approach for the treatment of Wnt-dependent cancers 
such as colorectal and pancreatic cancer.

Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.canlet.2016.12.030
PMCID: PMC5544029
PMID: 28043913 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1203. Cardiovasc Intervent Radiol. 2017 Apr;40(4):621-624. doi: 
10.1007/s00270-016-1538-4. Epub 2016 Dec 28.

Endovascular Mechanical Thromboaspiration of Right Hepatic Arterial Thrombosis 
After Liver Transplantation.

Gandini R(1), Konda D(1), Toti L(2), Abrignani S(3), Merolla S(1), Tisone G(2), 
Floris R(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Diagnostic Imaging, Molecular Imaging, Interventional Radiology 
and Radiotherapy, PTV Foundation, "Tor Vergata" Hospital, University of Rome 
"Tor Vergata", Viale Oxford 81, 00133, Rome, Italy.
(2)Department of Surgery, Section of Transplantation, PTV Foundation, "Tor 
Vergata" Hospital, University of Rome "Tor Vergata", Viale Oxford 81, 00133, 
Rome, Italy.
(3)Department of Diagnostic Imaging, Molecular Imaging, Interventional Radiology 
and Radiotherapy, PTV Foundation, "Tor Vergata" Hospital, University of Rome 
"Tor Vergata", Viale Oxford 81, 00133, Rome, Italy. stem83@gmail.com.

A 56-year-old male Patient presented 27 days after a liver transplantation (LT) 
with fever and hyperbilirubinemia. He underwent CT examination resulting in a 
diagnosis of right hepatic artery (HA) occlusion with hepatic bilomas. Once 
placed a long right femoral 6F introducer at the origin of the HA, a 0.014" 
guidewire was advanced over the thrombus, in a segmental branch. A 4MAX 
(Penumbra, Alameda, USA) catheter was advanced and withdrawn under constant 
aspiration until complete clot removal was achieved. Follow-up CT and D-US 
assessments at 12 months demonstrated regular HA patency and bilomas reduction. 
Endovascular thromboaspiration is an effective strategy in cases of E-HAT after 
LT.

DOI: 10.1007/s00270-016-1538-4
PMID: 28032131 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1204. Health Phys. 2017 Feb;112(2):131-138. doi: 10.1097/HP.0000000000000610.

Membership Trends in the Health Physics Society: How Did We Get Here and Where 
Are We Going?

Pryor KH(1).

Author information:
(1)*Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, 902 Battelle Boulevard, P.O. Box 999, 
MSIN K1-68, Richland, WA 99352.

The Health Physics Society (HPS), formed in 1956, is a scientific organization 
of professionals who specialize in radiation safety. Its mission is to support 
its members in the practice of their profession and to promote excellence in the 
science and practice of radiation safety. HPS has been a diverse body since its 
beginnings, encompassing professionals from different disciplines with an 
interest in radiation safety issues. At that time, health physics was just 
beginning to emerge as a distinct discipline, initially spurred by the 
development of the atomic bomb and amplified by the commercial use of nuclear 
power, and there was a need for a professional group to discuss issues and share 
ideas and experiences in the field. Over the following years, both the field of 
health physics and the ranks of the HPS membership experienced a steady increase 
in numbers and interest. HPS continued to grow in numbers and thrive through the 
mid-1990s but then began to retract. Concern regarding the "graying" of HPS was 
being discussed as far back as the late 1990s, yet despite efforts to broaden 
the base of membership through additional membership criteria, the numbers of 
Plenary (now referred to as Full) members have continued to shrink. The 
"graying" of HPS is real-although age demographic data are only available for 
about the past 15 y (and are provided voluntarily), the shift in age 
distribution over this timeframe is clear. A recent survey indicated that over 
50% of HPS members are over 50 y of age, and over half of the respondents plan 
to retire within 10 y. As members age, they convert to Emeritus membership or 
drop their membership altogether, with some members unable to continue for 
financial or health-related reasons. There is now an age gap-members in their 
30s and early 40s are missing from the mix. Potential causes for declining 
membership may include smaller enrollments in academic programs, reduced 
employment opportunities, and societal factors. There appears to be reduced 
employer support for participation in professional activities and travel to 
conferences. Societal factors include easy access to professional information 
through the internet, balancing of family commitments, other volunteer 
opportunities, and a general decline in joining professional groups. So, what is 
the fate of HPS? We are not alone-other professional groups are experiencing the 
same overall trends in membership to differing degrees. A number of initiatives 
have been launched or are being considered by HPS in an effort to offset this 
trend.

DOI: 10.1097/HP.0000000000000610
PMID: 28027151 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1205. Cell Mol Life Sci. 2017 May;74(10):1907-1921. doi: 10.1007/s00018-016-2441-5. 
Epub 2016 Dec 24.

Colon cancer cell-derived 12(S)-HETE induces the retraction of cancer-associated 
fibroblast via MLC2, RHO/ROCK and Ca(2+) signalling.

Stadler S(1)(2), Nguyen CH(1)(3), Schachner H(1), Milovanovic D(1), Holzner 
S(1)(2)(4), Brenner S(3), Eichsteininger J(1)(5), Stadler M(2), Senfter 
D(1)(2)(4), Krenn L(5), Schmidt WM(6), Huttary N(1), Krieger S(1), Koperek O(1), 
Bago-Horvath Z(1), Brendel KA(1), Marian B(7), de Wever O(8), Mader RM(4), 
Giessrigl B(1)(3), Jäger W(3), Dolznig H(2), Krupitza G(9).

Author information:
(1)Clinical Institute of Pathology, Medical University of Vienna, Waehringer 
Guertel 18-20, 1090, Vienna, Austria.
(2)Institute of Medical Genetics, Medical University of Vienna, Waehringer 
Strasse 10, 1090, Vienna, Austria.
(3)Department for Clinical Pharmacy and Diagnostics, Faculty of Life Sciences, 
University of Vienna, Althanstrasse 14, 1090, Vienna, Austria.
(4)Department of Medicine I, Comprehensive Cancer Centre, Medical University of 
Vienna, Waehringer Guertel 18-20, 1090, Vienna, Austria.
(5)Department of Pharmacognosy, Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Vienna, 
Althanstrasse 14, 1090, Vienna, Austria.
(6)Neuromuscular Research Department, Centre of Anatomy and Cell Biology, 
Medical University of Vienna, Waehringer Strasse 13, 1090, Vienna, Austria.
(7)Department of Medicine I, Institute of Cancer Research and Comprehensive 
Cancer Centre, Medical University of Vienna, Borschkegasse 8a, 1090, Vienna, 
Austria.
(8)Department of Radiation Oncology and Experimental Cancer Research, Ghent 
University, De Pintelaan 185, 9000, Ghent, Belgium.
(9)Clinical Institute of Pathology, Medical University of Vienna, Waehringer 
Guertel 18-20, 1090, Vienna, Austria. georg.krupitza@meduniwien.ac.at.

Retraction of mesenchymal stromal cells supports the invasion of colorectal 
cancer cells (CRC) into the adjacent compartment. CRC-secreted 12(S)-HETE 
enhances the retraction of cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs) and therefore, 
12(S)-HETE may enforce invasivity of CRC. Understanding the mechanisms of 
metastatic CRC is crucial for successful intervention. Therefore, we studied 
pro-invasive contributions of stromal cells in physiologically relevant 
three-dimensional in vitro assays consisting of CRC spheroids, CAFs, 
extracellular matrix and endothelial cells, as well as in reductionist models. 
In order to elucidate how CAFs support CRC invasion, tumour spheroid-induced CAF 
retraction and free intracellular Ca2+ levels were measured and pharmacological- 
or siRNA-based inhibition of selected signalling cascades was performed. CRC 
spheroids caused the retraction of CAFs, generating entry gates in the adjacent 
surrogate stroma. The responsible trigger factor 12(S)-HETE provoked a signal, 
which was transduced by PLC, IP3, free intracellular Ca2+, 
Ca2+-calmodulin-kinase-II, RHO/ROCK and MYLK which led to the activation of 
myosin light chain 2, and subsequent CAF mobility. RHO activity was observed 
downstream as well as upstream of Ca2+ release. Thus, Ca2+ signalling served as 
central signal amplifier. Treatment with the FDA-approved drugs carbamazepine, 
cinnarizine, nifedipine and bepridil HCl, which reportedly interfere with 
cellular calcium availability, inhibited CAF-retraction. The elucidation of 
signalling pathways and identification of approved inhibitory drugs warrant 
development of intervention strategies targeting tumour-stroma interaction.

DOI: 10.1007/s00018-016-2441-5
PMCID: PMC5390003
PMID: 28013338 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare no conflict of interest.


1206. Nanoscale. 2017 Jan 19;9(3):1136-1143. doi: 10.1039/c6nr06598h.

Stepwise reversible nanomechanical buckling in a viral capsid.

Vörös Z(1), Csík G(1), Herényi L(1), Kellermayer MS(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Biophysics and Radiation Biology, Semmelweis University, 
Tűzoltó u. 37-47., Budapest H-1094, Hungary. 
kellermayer.miklos@med.semmelweis-univ.hu.
(2)Department of Biophysics and Radiation Biology, Semmelweis University, 
Tűzoltó u. 37-47., Budapest H-1094, Hungary. 
kellermayer.miklos@med.semmelweis-univ.hu and MTA-SE Molecular Biophysics 
Research Group, Semmelweis University, Tűzoltó u. 37-47., Budapest H-1094, 
Hungary.

Viruses are nanoscale infectious agents constructed of a proteinaceous capsid 
that protects the packaged genomic material. Nanoindentation experiments using 
atomic force microscopy have, in recent years, provided unprecedented insight 
into the elastic properties, structural stability and maturation-dependent 
mechanical changes in viruses. However, the dynamics of capsid behavior are 
still unresolved. Here we used high-resolution nanoindentation experiments on 
mature, DNA-filled T7 bacteriophage particles. The elastic regime of the 
nanoindentation force trace contained discrete, stepwise transitions that cause 
buckling of the T7 capsid with magnitudes that are integer multiples of ∼0.6 nm. 
Remarkably, the transitions are reversible and contribute to the rapid 
consolidation of the capsid structure against a force during cantilever 
retraction. The stepwise transitions were present even following the removal of 
the genomic DNA by heat treatment, indicating that they are related to the 
structure and dynamics of the capsomeric proteins. Dynamic force spectroscopy 
experiments revealed that the thermally activated consolidation step is ∼104 
times faster than spontaneous buckling, suggesting that the capsid stability is 
under strong dynamic control. Capsid structural dynamics may play an important 
role in protecting the genomic material from harsh environmental impacts. The 
nanomechanics approach employed here may be used to investigate the structural 
dynamics of other viruses and nanoscale containers as well.

DOI: 10.1039/c6nr06598h
PMID: 28009879 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1207. J Med Syst. 2017 Feb;41(2):26. doi: 10.1007/s10916-016-0672-5. Epub 2016 Dec 22.

Characterizing Architectural Distortion in Mammograms by Linear Saliency.

Narváez F(1), Alvarez J(1), Garcia-Arteaga JD(1), Tarquino J(1), Romero E(2).

Author information:
(1)Computer Imaging and Medical Applications Laboratory - Cim@lab, Faculty of 
Medicine - Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Carrera 30 No 45-03, Bogotá, DC, 
Colombia.
(2)Computer Imaging and Medical Applications Laboratory - Cim@lab, Faculty of 
Medicine - Universidad Nacional de Colombia, Carrera 30 No 45-03, Bogotá, DC, 
Colombia. edromero@unal.edu.co.

Architectural distortion (AD) is a common cause of false-negatives in 
mammograms. This lesion usually consists of a central retraction of the 
connective tissue and a spiculated pattern radiating from it. This pattern is 
difficult to detect due the complex superposition of breast tissue. This paper 
presents a novel AD characterization by representing the linear saliency in 
mammography Regions of Interest (ROI) as a graph composed of nodes corresponding 
to locations along the ROI boundary and edges with a weight proportional to the 
line intensity integrals along the path connecting any pair of nodes. A set of 
eigenvectors from the adjacency matrix is then used to extract discriminant 
coefficients that represent those nodes with higher salient lines. A 
dimensionality reduction is further accomplished by selecting the pair of nodes 
with major contribution for each of the computed eigenvectors. The set of main 
salient lines is then assembled as a feature vector that inputs a conventional 
Support Vector Machine (SVM). Experimental results with two benchmark databases, 
the mini-MIAS and DDSM databases, demonstrate that the proposed linear saliency 
domain method (LSD) performs well in terms of accuracy. The approach was 
evaluated with a set of 246 RoI extracted from the DDSM (123 normal tissues and 
123 AD) and a set of 38 ROI from the mini-MIAS collections (19 normal tissues 
and 19 AD) respectively. The classification results showed respectively for both 
databases an accuracy rate of 89 % and 87 %, a sensitivity rate of 85 % and 95 
%, and a specificity rate of 93 % and 84 %. Likewise, the area under curve (A z 
) of the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve was 0.93 for both 
databases.

DOI: 10.1007/s10916-016-0672-5
PMID: 28005248 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1208. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 2017 Jan 1;97(1):98-106. doi: 
10.1016/j.ijrobp.2016.08.011. Epub 2016 Nov 9.

Favorable Preliminary Outcomes for Men With Low- and Intermediate-risk Prostate 
Cancer Treated With 19-Gy Single-fraction High-dose-rate Brachytherapy.

Krauss DJ(1), Ye H(2), Martinez AA(3), Mitchell B(2), Sebastian E(2), Limbacher 
A(2), Gustafson GS(2).

Author information:
(1)Oakland University William Beaumont School of Medicine, Royal Oak, Michigan. 
Electronic address: dkrauss@beaumont.edu.
(2)Oakland University William Beaumont School of Medicine, Royal Oak, Michigan.
(3)21st Century Oncology, Farmington Hills, Michigan.

PURPOSE: To report the toxicity and preliminary clinical outcomes of a 
prospective trial evaluating 19-Gy, single-fraction high-dose-rate (HDR) 
brachytherapy for men with low- and intermediate-risk prostate cancer.
METHODS AND MATERIALS: A total of 63 patients were treated according to an 
institutional review board-approved prospective study of single-fraction HDR 
brachytherapy. Eligible patients had tumor stage ≤T2a, prostate-specific antigen 
level ≤15 ng/mL, and Gleason score ≤7. Patients with a prostate gland volume 
>50 cm3 and baseline American Urologic Association symptom score >12 were 
ineligible. Patients underwent transrectal ultrasound-guided transperineal 
implantation of the prostate, followed by single-fraction HDR brachytherapy. 
Treatment was delivered using 192Ir to a dose of 19 Gy prescribed to the 
prostate, with no additional margin applied.
RESULTS: Of the 63 patients, 58 had data available for analysis. Five patients 
had withdrawn consent during the follow-up period. The median follow-up period 
was 2.9 years (range 0.3-5.2). The median age was 61.4 years. The median gland 
volume at treatment was 34.8 cm3. Of the 58 patients, 91% had T1 disease, 71% 
had Gleason score ≤6 (29% with Gleason score 7), and the median pretreatment 
prostate-specific antigen level was 5.1 ng/mL. The acute and chronic grade 2 
genitourinary toxicity incidence was 12.1% and 10.3%, respectively. No grade 3 
urinary toxicity occurred. No patients experienced acute rectal toxicity grade 
≥2, and 2 experienced grade ≥2 chronic gastrointestinal toxicity. Three patients 
experienced biochemical failure, yielding a 3-year cumulative incidence estimate 
of 6.8%.
CONCLUSIONS: Single-fraction HDR brachytherapy is well-tolerated, with favorable 
preliminary biochemical and clinical disease control rates.

Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ijrobp.2016.08.011
PMID: 27979460 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1209. Phys Chem Chem Phys. 2017 Jan 4;19(2):1108-1114. doi: 10.1039/c6cp05137e.

Interfacial gas nanobubbles or oil nanodroplets?

Wang X(1), Zhao B(2), Hu J(3), Wang S(3), Tai R(1), Gao X(4), Zhang L(1).

Author information:
(1)Shanghai Synchrotron Radiation Facility, Chinese Academy of Sciences, 
Shanghai 201204, China. gaoxingyu@sinap.ac.cn zhanglijuan@sinap.ac.cn and Key 
Laboratory of Interfacial Physics and Technology, Shanghai Institute of Applied 
Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 201800, China.
(2)State Key Laboratory of Traction Power, School of Mechanics and Engineering, 
Southwest Jiaotong University, Chengdu 610031, China. byzhao@swjtu.edu.cn.
(3)Key Laboratory of Interfacial Physics and Technology, Shanghai Institute of 
Applied Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Shanghai 201800, China.
(4)Shanghai Synchrotron Radiation Facility, Chinese Academy of Sciences, 
Shanghai 201204, China. gaoxingyu@sinap.ac.cn zhanglijuan@sinap.ac.cn.

The existence of nanobubbles at a solid-liquid interface with high stability has 
been confirmed by myriad experimental studies, and their gaseous nature has also 
been extensively verified. However, nanodroplets of polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS) 
recently observed in the atomic force microscopy (AFM) measurement of 
nanobubbles plague the nanobubble community. It may easily lead to wrong 
interpretations of the AFM results and thus hinders further application of the 
already widely used AFM in nanobubble studies. Therefore, finding a direct 
experimental solution to distinguish nanobubbles from nanodroplets in AFM 
measurements is a matter of great urgency. Herein, we first developed an 
effective and reproducible method to produce PDMS nanodroplets at the highly 
ordered pyrolytic graphite (HOPG)/water interface. From their size, contact 
angle, and stiffness, the formed PDMS nanodroplets are not distinguishable from 
nanobubbles. However, the force curves on these two objects are strikingly 
different from each other, i.e., a peculiar plateau in both the approach and 
retraction curves was found on nanobubbles whereas they changed linearly between 
the jump-in and jump-off point on PDMS nanodroplets. Thus, the present study not 
only provided a simple and effective procedure to generate PDMS nanodroplets but 
also paved a simple practical and in situ way to discriminate nanobubbles from 
the PDMS nanodroplets by direct AFM force measurements.

DOI: 10.1039/c6cp05137e
PMID: 27942625


1210. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Radiol Prot. 2017 Mar;37(1):1-12. doi: 10.1088/1361-6498/37/1/1. Epub 2016 Dec 
6.

Individual external dose monitoring of all citizens of Date City by passive 
dosimeter 5 to 51 months after the Fukushima NPP accident (series): 1. 
Comparison of individual dose with ambient dose rate monitored by aircraft 
surveys.

Miyazaki M(1), Hayano R.

Author information:
(1)Department of Radiation Health Management, Fukushima Medical University, 
Fukushima 960-1295, Japan.

Erratum in
    J Radiol Prot. 2017 Mar;37(1):320. doi: 10.1088/1361-6498/aa5c57.

Retraction in
    J Radiol Prot. 2020 Jul 24;40(3). doi: 10.1088/1361-6498/ab9ff0.

Expression of concern in
    J Radiol Prot. 2019 Jan 11.

Comment in
    J Radiol Prot. 2020 Sep;40(3):E19-E23. doi: 10.1088/1361-6498/aba42a.

Date (da'te) City in Fukushima Prefecture has conducted a population-wide 
individual dose monitoring program after the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power 
Plant Accident, which provides a unique and comprehensive data set of the 
individual doses of citizens. The purpose of this paper, the first in the 
series, is to establish a method for estimating effective doses based on the 
available ambient dose rate survey data. We thus examined the relationship 
between the individual external doses and the corresponding ambient doses 
assessed from airborne surveys. The results show that the individual doses were 
about 0.15 times the ambient doses, the coefficient of 0.15 being a factor of 4 
smaller than the value employed by the Japanese government, throughout the 
period of the airborne surveys used. The method obtained in this study could aid 
in the prediction of individual doses in the early phase of future radiological 
accidents involving large-scale contamination.

DOI: 10.1088/1361-6498/37/1/1
PMID: 27922832


1211. RETRACTED ARTICLE

J Clin Ultrasound. 2017 May;45(4):222-230. doi: 10.1002/jcu.22434. Epub 2016 Dec 
2.

Speckle tracking echocardiography predicts early subclinical anthracycline 
cardiotoxicity in patients with breast cancer.

Tang Q(1), Jiang Y(1), Xu Y(1), Xia H(1).

Author information:
(1)Department of Ultrasound, Xinqiao Hospital, Third Military Medical 
University, Chongqing, China.

Retraction in
    J Clin Ultrasound. 2019 Jan;47(1):59. doi: 10.1002/jcu.22670.

PURPOSE: This study aimed to assess the early changes of left ventricular (LV) 
and right ventricular (RV) mechanics associated with anthracycline treatment for 
breast cancer and to determine whether two-dimensional speckle tracking 
echocardiography (2D-STE) analysis could predict chemotherapy-induced 
cardiotoxicity.
BACKGROUND: Anthracycline generates progressive LV dysfunction associated with a 
poor prognosis. Early detection of minor change of myocardial mechanics is thus 
important.
METHODS: Pretreatment (T0), first (T1), and second (T2) on-treatment 
echocardiograms were available for analysis with 2D-STE. All patients had normal 
pretreatment left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF). Cardiotoxicity was 
defined as a drop in LVEF to ≤53% or an absolute decrease of 10% on a follow-up 
echocardiogram. Analysis of variance receiver operating curve and area under the 
curve (AUC) analysis was performed.
RESULTS: Eighty-six patients with breast cancer who received anthracycline 
treatment were included. Compared with T0, LV and RV global longitudinal strain 
(GLS), and LV global circumferential strain (GCS) at T1 and T2 were reduced 
significantly (p < 0.005 for all). There was a significant decrease in the LV 
GLS with increasing age at both T1 and T2 (p < 0.05 for all). GLS at T1 (AUC 
0.83; cutoff -14.06; sensitivity 83%; specificity 84%; p = 0.0033) and at T2 
(AUC 0.90; cutoff -13.84; sensitivity 93%; specificity 84%; p < 0.0001) was the 
strongest indicator of subsequent cardiotoxicity.
CONCLUSIONS: Anthracycline treatment induces early deterioration of LV global 
longitudinal and circumferential strain, involving also the RV. Early change in 
the GLS seems to be a good predictor of the development of chemotherapy-induced 
cardiotoxicity. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Clin Ultrasound 45:222-230, 
2017.

© 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/jcu.22434
PMID: 27910996 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1212. Exp Neurol. 2017 Feb;288:153-166. doi: 10.1016/j.expneurol.2016.11.015. Epub 
2016 Nov 26.

Neurotoxic mechanisms of paclitaxel are local to the distal axon and independent 
of transport defects.

Gornstein EL(1), Schwarz TL(2).

Author information:
(1)The F.M. Kirby Neurobiology Center, Children's Hospital Boston, Boston, MA 
02115, USA; Biological and Biomedical Sciences Program, Harvard Medical School, 
Boston, MA 02115, USA.
(2)The F.M. Kirby Neurobiology Center, Children's Hospital Boston, Boston, MA 
02115, USA. Electronic address: Thomas.schwarz@childrens.harvard.edu.

Chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy (CIPN) is a dose-limiting side effect 
of paclitaxel and other chemotherapeutic agents. Paclitaxel binds and stabilizes 
microtubules, but the cellular mechanisms that underlie paclitaxel's neurotoxic 
effects are not well understood. We therefore used primary cultures of adult 
murine dorsal root ganglion neurons, the cell type affected in patients, to 
examine leading hypotheses to explain paclitaxel neurotoxicity. We address the 
role of microtubule hyperstabilization and its downstream effects. Paclitaxel 
administered at 10-50nM for 1-3days induced retraction bulbs at the tips of 
axons and arrested axon growth without triggering axon fragmentation or cell 
death. By correlating the toxic effects and microtubule stabilizing activity of 
structurally different microtubule stabilizing compounds, we confirmed that 
microtubule hyperstabilization, rather than an off-target effect, is the likely 
primary cause of paclitaxel neurotoxicity. We examined potential downstream 
consequences of microtubule hyperstabilization and found that changes in levels 
of tubulin posttranslational modifications, although present after paclitaxel 
exposure, are not implicated in the paclitaxel neurotoxicity we observed in the 
cultures. Additionally, defects in axonal transport were not implicated as an 
early, causative mechanism of paclitaxel's toxic effects on dorsal root ganglion 
neurons. By using microfluidic chambers to selectively treat different parts of 
the axon with paclitaxel, we found that the distal axon was primarily vulnerable 
to paclitaxel, indicating that paclitaxel acts directly on the distal axon to 
induce degenerative effects. Together, our findings point to local effects of 
microtubule hyperstabilization on the distal-most portion of the axon as an 
early mediator of paclitaxel neurotoxicity. Because sensory neurons have a 
unique and ongoing requirement for distal growth in order to reinnervate the 
epidermis as it turns over, we propose that the ability of paclitaxel to arrest 
their growth accounts for the selective vulnerability of sensory neurons to 
paclitaxel neurotoxicity.

Copyright © 2016. Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.expneurol.2016.11.015
PMCID: PMC5568627
PMID: 27894788 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1213. Lasers Surg Med. 2017 Apr;49(4):372-379. doi: 10.1002/lsm.22615. Epub 2016 Nov 
16.

Rabbit model of tracheal stenosis using cylindrical diffuser.

Lee HS(1)(2), Kim SW(1)(2), Oak C(2)(3), Kang HW(2)(4), Oh J(2)(4), Jung MJ(5), 
Kim SB(6), Won JH(7), Lee KD(1)(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Kosin University College 
of Medicine, Busan, Korea.
(2)Innovative Biomedical Technology Research Center, College of Medicine, Kosin 
University, Busan, Korea.
(3)Department of Internal Medicine, Kosin University College of Medicine, Busan, 
Korea.
(4)Department of Biomedical Engineering and Center for Marine-Integrated 
Biomedical Technology, Pukyong National University, Busan, South Korea.
(5)Department of Pathology, Kosin University College of Medicine, Busan, Korea.
(6)Kosin University College of Medicine, Busan, Korea.
(7)Department of Pharmacology, Kosin University Graduate School, Busan, Korea.

BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Variable methods of animal model have been introduced 
to develop tracheal stenosis. However, none of the prior models allow for 
predictable determination of the grade of stenosis. This study sought to 
establish an animal model of tracheal stenosis by using a cylindrical diffuser 
and to evaluate the feasibility of a reproducible model.
STUDY DESIGN/MATERIALS AND METHODS: A cylindrical diffuser was developed to have 
a 5 mm active segment to emit laser light circumferentially. Twenty one New 
Zealand white rabbits were enrolled in this study. The cylindrical diffuser was 
inserted transorally under bronchoscopic view and the diffused light was 
delivered to tracheal mucosa 2 cm below the level of vocal cord. Input power of 
irradiation was 10 W, 5 seconds in group A (n = 7), 10 W, 7 seconds in group B 
(n = 7), and 8 W, 5 seconds in group C (n = 7). The degree of tracheal stenosis 
was observed weekly and the rabbits were euthanized 4 weeks after the laser 
irradiation.
RESULTS: The degree of stenosis in group B (90-98%) was significantly larger 
than that of group A (75-92%) (P = 0.004), while degree in group C (24-35%) was 
significantly smaller than that of group A (P < 0.001). Two rabbits of group A 
were euthanized at 3 weeks due to costal retraction. In group B, six rabbits 
died within 3 weeks after laser irradiation due to severe tracheal stenosis and 
tracheal malacia, while one rabbit was euthanized 16 days after the irradiation. 
All rabbits in group C survived up to 4 weeks. Survival between three groups 
showed significant difference (P = 0.001).
CONCLUSION: The degree of stenosis was significantly different according to the 
delivered optical energy to tracheal mucosa. Therefore, the proposed model may 
be used in animal studies to emulate variable grades of tracheal stenosis. 
Lasers Surg. Med. 49:372-379, 2017. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

© 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/lsm.22615
PMID: 27862085 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1214. Clin Nucl Med. 2017 Jan;42(1):e22-e28. doi: 10.1097/RLU.0000000000001379.

Change in Salvage Radiotherapy Management Based on Guidance With FACBC 
(Fluciclovine) PET/CT in Postprostatectomy Recurrent Prostate Cancer.

Akin-Akintayo OO(1), Jani AB, Odewole O, Tade FI, Nieh PT, Master VA, Bellamy 
LM, Halkar RK, Zhang C, Chen Z, Goodman MM, Schuster DM.

Author information:
(1)From the *Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Emory University, 
Atlanta; †Department of Radiation Oncology, Winship Cancer Institute, Emory 
University, Atlanta; ‡Department of Family Medicine, Morehouse School of 
Medicine, Atlanta; §Department of Urology, Emory University, Atlanta; and 
∥Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics, Rollins School of Public 
Health, Emory University, Atlanta, GA.

Comment in
    J Urol. 2017 Aug;198(2):256-257. doi: 10.1016/j.juro.2017.05.030.

PURPOSE: We explored the influence of FACBC (fluciclovine) PET/CT on the 
decision to offer radiotherapy and radiotherapy treatment field recommendations 
in postprostatectomy patients with recurrent prostate cancer.
PATIENTS AND METHODS: After obtaining institutional review board approval and 
informed consent, 87 patients with detectable prostate-specific antigen (PSA) 
levels were recruited into a prospective clinical trial. After an initial 
provider-determined radiotherapy plan based on conventional imaging, 44 of 87 
patients were randomized to additionally undergo fluciclovine PET/CT. Pre- and 
post-fluciclovine radiotherapy decisions were compared and changes were noted. 
Statistical significance of these decision changes was determined.
RESULTS: Two of 44 patients in the experimental arm dropped out before 
fluciclovine scanning. Thirty-four (81.0%) of 42 had positive results on 
fluciclovine. Overall radiotherapy decision was changed in 17 (40.5%) of 42. 
Mean PSA, original Gleason score, and prostatectomy-PET interval did not differ 
significantly between patients with and without radiotherapy decision changes. 
Two (4.8%) of 42 had the decision for radiotherapy withdrawn due to positive 
extrapelvic findings. Radiotherapy field decision was changed in 15 (35.7%) of 
42. Eleven (73.3%) of 15 had fields changed from prostate bed only to both 
prostate bed and pelvis, while 4 (26.7%) of 15 had fields changed from both 
prostate bed and pelvis to prostate bed only. Changes in overall radiotherapy 
decision and field were statistically significant (P < 0.0001). However, the 
change in the decision to offer radiotherapy or not was not statistically 
significant (P = 0.15).
CONCLUSIONS: Fluciclovine PET/CT significantly changed radiotherapy management 
decisions in postprostatectomy patients with recurrent prostate cancer. Further 
work in determining differences in PSA-free survival is ongoing.

DOI: 10.1097/RLU.0000000000001379
PMCID: PMC5138124
PMID: 27749412 [Indexed for MEDLINE]

Conflict of interest statement: Statement: Sponsored by the National Institutes 
of Health (R01CA169188). Blue Earth Diagnostics Ltd provided fluciclovine 
cassettes to Emory University


1215. J Clin Neurosci. 2017 Jan;35:117-121. doi: 10.1016/j.jocn.2016.09.020. Epub 2016 
Oct 11.

A novel combination of two minimally invasive surgical techniques in the 
management of refractory radiation necrosis: Technical note.

Habboub G(1), Sharma M(1), Barnett GH(1), Mohammadi AM(2).

Author information:
(1)The Rose Ella Burkhardt Brain Tumor and Neuro-Oncology Center, Department of 
Neurosurgery, The Neurological Institute, Cleveland Clinic, Cleveland, OH, 
United States.
(2)The Rose Ella Burkhardt Brain Tumor and Neuro-Oncology Center, Department of 
Neurosurgery, The Neurological Institute, Cleveland Clinic, Cleveland, OH, 
United States. Electronic address: mohamma3@ccf.org.

BACKGROUND: Minimally-invasive approaches are attractive alternative to standard 
craniotomy for large intracranial tumors with potentially lesser morbidity. In 
this report, we describe a sequential combination of two minimally-invasive 
surgical techniques to treat a large intracranial tumor.
CLINICAL PRESENTATION: A 49year-old woman presented with a history of breast 
cancer and large left parietal metastasis with significant perilesional edema. 
This was initially managed by whole brain radiation therapy and stereotactic 
radiosurgery. The patient underwent laser ablation of the tumor followed by 
internal tumor debulking using an exoscopic-assisted tubular retractor system. 
Post-operative MRI showed gross total coverage of the tumor by laser ablation 
and alleviation of mass effect. The patient recovered well and discharged on 
second postoperative day.
CONCLUSION: The minimally-invasive combination of laser ablation followed by 
internal debulking using a tubular retractor device could be done safely and 
effectively as a minimally invasive alternative to standard craniotomy for large 
intracranial tumors.

Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jocn.2016.09.020
PMID: 27742372 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1216. Cell Death Differ. 2017 Jun;24(6):1133. doi: 10.1038/cdd.2016.106. Epub 2016 Sep 
16.

IKKα-mediated biogenesis of miR-196a through interaction with Drosha regulates 
the sensitivity of cancer cells to radiotherapy.

Fang X, Jeong JH, Long X, Park SJ, Wang D, Shuai M, Wei R, Li C, Li S, Zhang S, 
Duran MB, Lo KW, Tsao SW, Glaser R, Luo Z, Feng X, Tian Y, Luo JL.

Retraction of
    Cell Death Differ. 2016 Sep 1;23(9):1471-82. doi: 10.1038/cdd.2016.32.

Retraction to: Cell Death Differ 2016;23(9):1471–1482. doi:10.1038/cdd.2016.32

DOI: 10.1038/cdd.2016.106
PMCID: PMC5442464
PMID: 27636105


1217. J Colloid Interface Sci. 2017 Mar 1;489:106-113. doi: 
10.1016/j.jcis.2016.08.030. Epub 2016 Aug 12.

Pulsed laser ablation in liquids: Impact of the bubble dynamics on particle 
formation.

Reich S(1), Schönfeld P(1), Wagener P(2), Letzel A(2), Ibrahimkutty S(3), Gökce 
B(2), Barcikowski S(2), Menzel A(4), Dos Santos Rolo T(1), Plech A(5).

Author information:
(1)Institute for Photon Science and Synchrotron Radiation, Karlsruhe Institute 
of Technology, PO 3640, D-76021 Karlsruhe, Germany.
(2)University of Duisburg-Essen, Technical Chemistry I and Center of 
Nanointegration Duisburg-Essen (CENIDE), Universitaetsstrasse 7, D-45141 Essen, 
Germany.
(3)MPI for Solid State Research, Heisenbergstr. 1, D-70569 Stuttgart, Germany.
(4)Paul-Scherrer Institute, CH-5232 Villigen PSI, Switzerland.
(5)Institute for Photon Science and Synchrotron Radiation, Karlsruhe Institute 
of Technology, PO 3640, D-76021 Karlsruhe, Germany. Electronic address: 
anton.plech@kit.edu.

Pulsed laser ablation in liquids (PLAL) is a multiscale process, involving 
multiple mutually interacting phenomena. In order to synthesize nanoparticles 
with well-defined properties it is important to understand the dynamics of the 
underlying structure evolution. We use visible-light stroboscopic imaging and 
X-ray radiography to investigate the dynamics occurring during PLAL of silver 
and gold on a macroscopic scale, whilst X-ray small angle scattering is utilized 
to deepen the understanding on particle genesis. By comparing our results with 
earlier reports we can elucidate the role of the cavitation bubble. We find that 
symmetry breaking at the liquid-solid interface is a critical factor for bubble 
motion and that the bubble motion acts on the particle distribution as 
confinement and retraction force to create secondary agglomerates.

Copyright © 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jcis.2016.08.030
PMID: 27554174


1218. Eur Radiol. 2017 Apr;27(4):1467-1476. doi: 10.1007/s00330-016-4517-x. Epub 2016 
Aug 23.

MR-guided microwave ablation in hepatic tumours: initial results in clinical 
routine.

Hoffmann R(1), Rempp H(2), Keßler DE(2), Weiß J(2), Pereira PL(3), Nikolaou 
K(2), Clasen S(2).

Author information:
(1)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, 
Eberhard-Karls-University, Hoppe-Seyler-Strasse 3, 72076, Tübingen, Germany. 
Ruediger.Hoffmann@med.uni-tuebingen.de.
(2)Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, 
Eberhard-Karls-University, Hoppe-Seyler-Strasse 3, 72076, Tübingen, Germany.
(3)Department of Radiology, Minimally Invasive Therapies and Nuclear Medicine, 
SLK-Kliniken Heilbronn GmbH, Am Gesundbrunnen 20-26, 74078, Heilbronn, Germany.

OBJECTIVES: Evaluation of the technical success, patient safety and technical 
effectiveness of magnetic resonance (MR)-guided microwave ablation of hepatic 
malignancies.
METHODS: Institutional review board approval and informed patient consent were 
obtained. Fifteen patients (59.8 years ± 9.5) with 18 hepatic malignancies (7 
hepatocellular carcinomas, 11 metastases) underwent MR-guided microwave ablation 
using a 1.5-T MR system. Mean tumour size was 15.4 mm ± 7.7 (7-37 mm). Technical 
success and ablation zone diameters were assessed by post-ablative MR imaging. 
Technique effectiveness was assessed after 1 month. Complications were 
classified according to the Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events 
(CTCAE). Mean follow-up was 5.8 months ± 2.6 (1-10 months).
RESULTS: Technical success and technique effectiveness were achieved in all 
lesions. Lesions were treated using 2.5 ± 1.2 applicator positions. Mean energy 
and ablation duration per tumour were 37.6 kJ ± 21.7 (9-87 kJ) and 
24.7 min ± 11.1 (7-49 min), respectively. Coagulation zone short- and long-axis 
diameters were 31.5 mm ± 10.5 (16-65 mm) and 52.7 mm ± 15.4 (27-94 mm), 
respectively. Two CTCAE-2-complications occurred (pneumothorax, pleural 
effusion). Seven patients developed new tumour manifestations in the untreated 
liver. Local tumour progression was not observed.
CONCLUSIONS: Microwave ablation is feasible under near real-time MR guidance and 
provides effective treatment of hepatic malignancies in one session.
KEY POINTS: • Planning, applicator placement and therapy monitoring are possible 
without using contrast enhancement • Energy transmission from the generator to 
the scanner room is safely possible • MR-guided microwave ablation provides 
effective treatment of hepatic malignancies in one session • Therapy monitoring 
is possible without applicator retraction from the ablation site.

DOI: 10.1007/s00330-016-4517-x
PMID: 27553935 [Indexed for MEDLINE]


1219. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Ann Surg. 2017 Aug 22. doi: 10.1097/SLA.0000000000001617. Online ahead of print.

Retracted: Diagnosis and Treatment of Intestinal Melanoma Metastases in the Era 
of Effective Systemic Treatment.

Faut M(1), Bisschop K, Jalving M, Been LB, Noordzij W, Peters FT, van der Leest 
AH, van Leeuwen BL, Hospers GA.

Author information:
(1)*Department of Surgery, Division of Surgical Oncology, University of 
Groningen, University Medical Center Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands 
†Department of Internal Medicine, Division of Medical Oncology, University of 
Groningen, University Medical Center Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands. 
‡Department of Nuclear Medicine & Molecular Imaging, University of Groningen, 
University Medical Center Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands §Department of 
Gastroenterology & Hepatology, University of Groningen, University Medical 
Center Groningen, Groningen, The Netherlands ¶Department of Radiation Oncology, 
University of Groningen, University Medical Center Groningen, Groningen, The 
Netherlands.

Retraction in
    Ann Surg. 2017 Sep 6. doi: 10.1097/SLA.0000000000002481.

OBJECTIVE: The aim of the present study was to describe different presentations, 
diagnostic tools, and available treatments for melanoma metastasized to the 
intestines.
BACKGROUND: The intestine is a frequent site of metastases in melanoma patients. 
In the current era, with long-term survival after systemic treatment, there is a 
need for a timely diagnosis and optimal treatment of intestinal metastases.
METHODS: Patients diagnosed between 2011 and 2015 with intestinal metastases of 
melanoma were included. Diagnostic procedures, treatment strategies, and their 
outcome were analyzed for all patients.
RESULTS: A total of 22 patients were included. Twenty patients received systemic 
therapy for widely disseminated disease. Fourteen of these twenty patients 
received local treatment for symptomatic intestinal metastases. Median overall 
survival after detection of intestinal metastasis in patients receiving systemic 
treatment was 22 months. On the basis of this cohort, a treatment algorithm for 
treatment of patients with symptomatic intestinal melanoma metastases was 
constructed.
CONCLUSIONS: The treatment of intestinal melanoma metastases has changed due to 
the introduction of novel systemic treatments that can result in long-term 
survival of patients with widely metastatic melanoma. Surgeons and other 
clinicians should be aware of these changes in clinical practice as well as the 
diverse presentation of intestinal melanoma metastases and the diagnostic and 
therapeutic dilemmas involved.

DOI: 10.1097/SLA.0000000000001617
PMID: 27140509


1220. RETRACTED ARTICLE

Biosens Bioelectron. 2017 Mar 15;89(Pt 1):620-626. doi: 
10.1016/j.bios.2015.12.085. Epub 2015 Dec 29.

Single cell imprinting on the surface of Ag-ZnO bimetallic nanoparticle modified 
graphene oxide sheets for targeted detection, removal and photothermal killing 
of E. Coli.

Roy E(1), Patra S(1), Tiwari A(2), Madhuri R(3), Sharma PK(4).

Author information:
(1)Department of Applied Chemistry, Indian School of Mines, Dhanbad, Jharkhand 
826004, India.
(2)Smart Materials and Biodevices, Biosensors and Bioelectronics Centre, 
IFM-Linköpings Universitet, 581 83 Linköping, Sweden.
(3)Department of Applied Chemistry, Indian School of Mines, Dhanbad, Jharkhand 
826004, India. Electronic address: rshmmadhuri@gmail.com.
(4)Functional Nanomaterials Research Laboratory, Department of Applied Physics, 
Indian School of Mines, Dhanbad, Jharkhand 826004, India.

Retraction in
    Biosens Bioelectron. 2018 Jul 30;112:216. doi: 10.1016/j.bios.2018.04.060.

A very cost-effective, fast, sensitive and specific imprinted polymer modified 
electrochemical sensor for the targeted detection, removal and destruction of 
Escherichia coli bacteria was developed onto the surface of Ag-ZnO bimetallic 
nanoparticle and graphene oxide nanocomposite. The nanocomposite played a dual 
role in this work, as a platform for imprinting of bacteria as well as a 
participated in their laser-light induced photo killing. In terms of sensing, 
our proposed sensor can detect E. Coli as few as 10CFUmL-1 and capture 98% of 
bacterial cells from their very high concentrated solution (105CFUmL-1). 
Similarly to the quantitative detection, we have also investigated the 
quantitative destruction of E. Coli and found that 16.0cm2 area of polymer 
modified glass plate is sufficient enough to kill 105CFUmL-1 in the small time 
span of 5 minutes. The obtained results suggest that our proposed sensor have 
potential to serve as a promising candidate for specific and quantitative 
detection, removal as well as the destruction of a variety of bacterial 
pathogens.

Copyright © 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.bios.2015.12.085
PMID: 26754865 [Indexed for MEDLINE]